 
 Privacy Policy | Atlassian Close View this page in your language ? All languages Choose your language дёӯж–Ү Deutsch English EspaГұol FranГ§ais Italiano н•ңкөӯм–ҙ Nederlands ж—Ҙжң¬иӘһ PortuguГӘs PСғСҒСҒРәРёР№ Polski Get it free Products Featured Developers Product Managers IT professionals Business Teams Leadership Teams Featured Developers Product Managers IT professionals Business Teams Leadership Teams See all apps Featured FEATURED APPS Jira Flexible project management Confluence Collaborative knowledge workspace Jira Service Management High-velocity service delivery ATLASSIAN COLLECTIONS Supercharge teamwork seamlessly Jira вҖў Confluence вҖў Loom вҖў Rovo Optimize strategy and outcomes confidently Focus вҖў Talent вҖў Align Deliver service at high-velocity Jira Service Management вҖўВ Customer Service Management вҖў Assets вҖў Rovo Ship high-quality software fast Rovo Dev вҖў DX вҖў Pipelines вҖў Bitbucket Build products with confidence Jira Product Discovery вҖў Feedback вҖў Rovo POWERED BY Rovo AI-powered apps вҖ“ driven by your team's knowledge. Developers Jira Flexible project management Bitbucket Source code and CI/CD Rovo Dev Agentic AI for developers Pipelines Scalable CI/CD automation DX Measure productivity and AI impact Ship high-quality software fast Rovo Dev вҖў DX вҖў Pipelines вҖў Bitbucket Rovo AI-powered apps вҖ“ driven by your team's knowledge. Product Managers Jira Product Discovery Capture & prioritize ideas Jira Flexible project management Confluence Knowledge, all in one place Supercharge teamwork seamlessly Jira вҖў Confluence вҖў Loom вҖў Rovo Build products with confidence Jira Product Discovery вҖў Feedback вҖў Rovo Rovo AI-powered apps вҖ“ driven by your team's knowledge. IT professionals Jira Service Management High-velocity service delivery Guard Enhanced cloud security Rovo AI-powered apps вҖ“ driven by your team's knowledge. Business Teams Jira Flexible project management Confluence Knowledge, all in one place Trello Capture and organize your tasks Loom Quick, async video updates Jira Service Management High-velocity service delivery Customer Service Management Customer experiences reimagined Supercharge teamwork seamlessly Jira вҖў Confluence вҖў Loom вҖў Rovo Rovo AI-powered apps вҖ“ driven by your team's knowledge. Leadership Teams Focus Enterprise-scale strategic planning Talent Knowledge workforce planning Jira Align Enterprise-wide work planning & value Optimize strategy and outcomes confidently Focus вҖў Talent вҖў Align Rovo AI-powered apps вҖ“ driven by your team's knowledge. Back Solutions Solutions By use case Team collaboration Strategy and planning Service management Software development By team Software Marketing IT Product By size Enterprise Small business Startup Non-profit By industry Retail Telecommunications Professional services Government Rovo AI-powered apps вҖ“ driven by your team's knowledge. Back Why Atlassian Why Atlassian System of Work New Atlassian's blueprint for how teams work together Integrations Connect thousands of apps to your Atlassian products Customers Case studies & stories powered by teamwork FedRAMP Compliant solutions for the public sector Resilience Enterprise-grade & highly performant infrastructure Platform Our deeply integrated, reliable & secure platform Trust center Ensure your dataвҖҷs security, compliance & availability Back Resources Resources Customer Support Ask questions, report bugs & give us feedback Find Partners Consulting, training & product customization support Atlassian Ascend Resources and support for your transformation Community Learn, connect and grow with the Atlassian Community support General inquiries Product Advice Partner support Enterprise support Technical Support Pricing and Billing Developer support Purchasing & Licensing Resources Project Management Agile Atlassian Learning Get Started Project Collaboration Team Playbook Product Documentation Back Enterprise More + Less - Get it free Jira Flexible project management Jira Service Management High-velocity service delivery Confluence Knowledge, all in one place See all products Get it free Back Get it free Legal Legal information Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Effective starting: August 17, 2026 Your privacy matters to us. This privacy policy explains how Atlassian Pty Ltd, Atlassian US, Inc. and our corporate affiliates (вҖңAtlassianвҖқ, вҖңweвҖқ, вҖңusвҖқ, вҖңourвҖқ) collect, use, share, and protect your information when you use our products, services, websites, or otherwise interact with us (a list of AtlassianвҖҷs corporate affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of AtlassianвҖҷs most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the вҖңAnnual FilingsвҖқ filter on the page located here ). We offer a wide range of products, including our cloud and software products. We refer to all of these products, together with our otherВ services and websites, as "Services" in this privacy policy. This privacy policy also explains your choices surrounding how we use information about you, which includes how you can object to certain uses of information about youВ and how you can access and update certain information about you. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, do not access or use our Services or interact with any other aspect of our business. В В  For individuals in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or the United States: please refer to the appropriate вҖң Regional disclosures вҖқ for additional details that may be relevant to you. This privacy policy is intended to help you understand: Information we collect How we use information How we disclose information How we store and secure information How long we keep information How to access and control your information Our policy towards children Regional disclosures Changes to our privacy policy How to contact us В  We offer additional policies tailored for specific audiences and use cases. These include: Cookies & Tracking Notice Atlassian Careers Privacy Notice вҖ“ for job applicants Former Workplace Privacy Notice вҖ“ for past employees Demographic Survey Privacy Notice вҖ“ for voluntary survey data В  This privacy policy describes AtlassianвҖҷs data practices as a controller of personal information. Please note that this privacy policy does not apply to the extent that we process personal information in the role of a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, as further specified in the Data Processing Addendum entered into with those customers. When Atlassian processes personal information on behalf of our customers (such as your employer, if applicable), the customer is the controller of the personal information processed and manages those accounts and any Service sites. In such cases, Atlassian acts as a processor or service provider on behalf of our customer and handles your information according to the instructions of that organization. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those described in this privacy policy. For more information about how an Atlassian customer uses your personal information, or to exercise the rights you may have with respect to that information, please contact that organization directly. Privacy policy overview Atlassian collects information directly from you when you provide it to us, automatically when you use our Services, and from other sources including other users of the Services, other services you link to your account, other Atlassian companies, partners, and third-party providers. How we use information depends on which Services you use, how you use them, and any preferences you have communicated to us. We use information for a range of purposes described below, including to provide the Services and personalize your experience, to develop and improve our Services, to communicate with you, to conduct marketing and promotional activities, to provide customer support, to maintain Service safety and security, to protect our interests and rights, with your consent, and to aggregate and/or de-identify data. We disclose information as described below, including to service providers, Atlassian partners, providers of third-party services, for compliance with enforcement requests and applicable laws, to enforce our terms and policies and our rights, to Atlassian affiliated companies or in connection with business transfers, as well as with your consent. Additionally, when you use the Services, we disclose certain information about you to other Service users as described in more detail below. Where applicable under local law, you may have certain rights or choices with respect to your personal information, including to request information about our processing of information, to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of information, to request the deletion or restriction of information, to request a disclosure of information in a portable format, or to opt out of certain disclosures of personal information and targeted advertising. See the вҖң How to access and control your information вҖқ section for more detail on specific choices and how to exercise the rights you may have. In the вҖң Regional disclosures вҖқ section, we provide additional information for individuals in the European Economic Area and United Kingdom, including information about the legal bases for processing information, international transfers, the specific rights applicable in these jurisdictions, and how to contact our EU and UK representatives. We also provide additional information for individuals in the United States, including details about information collected and disclosed in the past 12 months and specific rights available under applicable U.S. state laws. We provide details on how to contact us with any questions or concerns, or to exercise your rights, in the вҖң How to contact us вҖқ section. Information we collect We collect information about you when you provide it to us, when you use our Services, and from other sources, as further described below. Information you provide We collect information about you when you input it into the Services or otherwise provide it directly to us.В This includes the following categories of information: В В  Account Information and Profile Information: В We collect information when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, set preferences, sign up for or make purchases through the Services, and inquire about pricing, billing, and licensing. For example, you provide contact information (e.g., name or email address) and, in some cases, billing information (e.g., billing address, email address or name), when you register for the Services. You also have options to add a display name, profile photo, job title, and other details to your profile.В We also keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Services. You may also provide information to us when you integrate or link a third-party service with our Services. For example, if you create an account or log into the Services using your Google credentials, we receive your name and email address as permitted by your Google profile settings in order to authenticate you. The information we receive when you link or integrate our Services with a third-party service depends on the settings, permissions and privacy policy controlled by that third-party service. You should always check the privacy settings and notices in these third-party services to understand what information may be disclosed to us or shared with our Services. Content you provide through our products: The Services include the Atlassian products you use, where we collect and store content that you post, send, receive and share. We process this content in the role of a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers. Content you provide through our websites: В The Services also include websites owned or operated by us. We collect content that you submit to these websites, which include social media or social networking websites operated by us, our support and documentation websites, our Community Forums, and our Marketplace. For example, you provide content to us when you request information on pricing, billing, and licensing, and you provide content to us when you provide feedback, directly to us through our Services or otherwise, or when you participate in any interactive features, surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, activities or events.В В  Information you provide through our support channels: В The Services also include customer support, where you may submit inquiries or other information regarding a problem you are experiencing with a Service. Whether you designate yourself as a technical contact, open a support ticket, speak to one of ourВ representatives directly or otherwise engage with our support team or support features, you will be asked to provide contact information, a summary or description of the problem you are experiencing, and any other documentation, screenshots or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue and/or a Support Entitlement Number (SEN). Payment Information: В В We collect payment and billing information when you register for certain paid Services. For example, we ask you to designate a billing representative, including name and contact information, upon registration. You might also provideВ payment information, such as payment card details, which we collect via secure payment processing services. Information we collect automatically We automatically collect information about you when you use our Services, including browsing our websites and taking certain actions within the Services.В Information may also be collected about how you interact with and use features in our software products. This includes the following categories of information:В В В В В В В В В  Your use of the Services: We collect information about your use, operation, and interaction with any of our Services, including when you connect third party services to or use those services with ours. This information includes, for example, the features you use, the actions you perform, and the type of content you interact with, such as the type, size and filenames of attachments uploaded to the Services; how search terms are structured and relevance scores of search results to search terms; the number of words in a Jira ticket or @ mentions in a comment; the type of Loom videos created and the number of views; languages you work in; and the links you interact with. We also collect information about how you interact with others on the Services, including the teams and people you work with and how you work with them, like who you collaborate with and communicate with most frequently.В Administrators may enable our collection of this information from software products. Device and Connection Information: We collect information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other devices you use to access the Services. This device information includes your connection type and settings when you install, access, update, or use our Services. We also collect information through your device about your operating system, browser type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers, and diagnostic and crash data. We use your IP address and/or country preference to approximate your location to provide you with a better Service experience.В How much of this information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Services.В  Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: Atlassian and our third-party partners, such as our advertising and analytics partners, use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g., web beacons, device identifiers and pixels) to provide functionality, to recognize you across different Services and devices, or to demonstrate that certain content was viewed or clicked. For more information, please see ourВ  Cookies & Tracking Notice , which includes information on how to control or opt out of these cookies and tracking technologies. Identity Management and Authentication Information: In addition, we may collect certain information to help verify or authenticate your identity when you log into the Services. This information may be provided directly by you or collected through trusted thirdвҖ‘party services. For example, we may collect device and browser information, behavioral and interaction data (such as mouse movements or interaction timing to confirm youвҖҷre human), and similar data used to support secure access to the Services. Information from other sources We also receive information about you from other ServiceВ users, our related companies, our business and channel partners, and third-party providers, including from social media platforms and public databases.В We may combine this information with information we collect through other means described above. This helps us, for example, to update and improve our records, provide and improve our Services, identify new customers, create more personalized advertising, and suggest services that may be of interest to you.В This includes information collected from the following sources: Other users of the Services: We receive your email address from other Service users when they provide it in order to invite you to the Services. Similarly, an administrator may provide your contact information when they designate you as the billing or technical contact on your company's account or when they designate you as an administrator.В  Atlassian Companies: We receive information about you from other Atlassian corporate affiliates, in accordance with their terms and policies.В  Atlassian Partners: We work with aВ  global network of partners В who provide consulting, implementation, training and other services around our products.В Some of these partners also help us to market and promote our Services, generate leads for us, and resell our Services.В We receive information about you and your activities on and off the Services from these partners, such as billing information, billing and technical contact information, company name, what Atlassian Services you have purchased or may be interested in, evaluation information you have provided, what events you have attended, what country you are in, and information about your interest in and engagement with our Services and online advertisements. Third-Party Providers: We may receive information about you from third-party providers of business and security information and from publicly available sources (e.g., social media platforms), including physical mail addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses and social media profiles. How we use information How we use the information we collect depends on which Services you use, how you use them, and any preferences you have communicated to us. We use information for the following purposes: To provide the Services and personalize your experience: We use information about you to provide the Services to you, including to process transactions, authenticate you when you log in, provide customer support, and operate,В maintain, and improveВ the Services.В We may use your email domain to infer your affiliation with a particular organization or industry to personalize the content and experience you receive on our websites.В Based on your interactions with different Atlassian products, third-party services you link or install, and advertisements, we will personalize your experience and tailor our communications, recommendations and offers to you. To develop and improve our Services: В We are always looking for ways to make our Services smarter, faster, secure, integrated, and useful.В We use information and collective learnings (including feedback) about how people use our Services, as well as content that has been de-identified and aggregated in accordance with applicable data contribution product functionalities, to troubleshoot, to identify trends, usage, activity patterns and areas for integration, to improve our Services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, to improve the @mention feature, we automatically analyze recent interactions among users and how often they @mention one another to surface the most relevant connections for users, or we might analyze Marketplace search terms to improve the accuracy and relevance of suggested apps returned when you use the search feature. In some cases, we apply these learnings across our Services to improve and develop similar features, to better integrate the Services you use, or to provide you with insights based on how others use our Services. We also test and analyze certain new features with some users before rolling the feature out to all users.В В  To communicate with you about the Services: We use your contact information to send transactional communications via email and within the Services, including confirming your purchases, reminding you of subscription expirations, responding to your comments, questions and requests, and providing customer support. We also provide tailored communications based on your activity and interactions with us, and we may contact you regarding product feedback.В If an opt out is available, you will find that option within the communication itself or in your account settings. To conduct marketing and promotional activities: В We use information about you and how you use the Services for analysis, research and communications relating to marketing (including targeted advertising of products that may interest you), promotional activities, and business development. We may use your contact information and information about how you use the Services to send promotional communications that may be of specific interest to you, including by email and by displaying Atlassian ads on other companies' websites and applications.В These communications may be informed by, for example, your interactions (like counting ad impressions), and areВ aimed at driving engagement and maximizing what you get out of the Services, includingВ information about new features, survey requests, newsletters, and events we think may be of interest to you.В We may use artificial intelligence in responding to your pricing, billing or licensing-related requests. We also communicate with you about new Services, product offers, promotions, and contests. You can control whether you receive these communications as described below at вҖң How to access and control your information вҖқ under "Opt-out of communications." To provide customer support: We use your information to resolve technical issues you encounter, to respond to your requests for assistance, to analyze crash information, and to repair and improve the Services, including for development, training, or fine-tuning of machine learning and artificial intelligence models. We may also use generative artificial intelligence in responding to your support related requests. Where you give us express permission to do so, we may disclose information to a third-party expert for the purpose of responding to support-related requests. To maintain Service safety and security: В We use information about you and your use of the Services to verify accounts and activity, to detect, prevent, and respond to potential or actual security incidents, and to monitor and protect against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, illegal or inappropriate activity, including violationsВ of Service policies. Detection and response may leverage generative artificial intelligence or machine learning tools. To protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights: В Where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights and interests, or the legal rights or interests of others, we use information about you in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and audit functions, andВ disclosures in connection with the acquisition, merger or sale of a business.В В  With yourВ consent: We use information about you where you have given us consent to do so for a specific purpose not listed above. For example, we may publish testimonials or featured customer stories to promote the Services, with your permission.В В  В  To aggregate and/or de-identify data : We may aggregate and/or de-identify information collected through the Services so it can no longer be re-identified by us or another party. We may use content that is de-identified and aggregated in accordance with applicable data contribution product functionalities to develop and improve our Services. We may aggregate or de-identify other information described in вҖңInformation we collect,вҖқ such as data about use of our Services, information provided to support channels, and feedbacks for a number of purposes, including to develop and improve our Services and to conduct marketing and promotional activities. To the extent we use such data, we maintain and use such data in de-identified form and will not attempt to re-identify the data. How we disclose information We make collaboration tools, and we want them to work well for you.В This means disclosing information through the Services and to certain third parties.В We disclose information we collect in the ways discussed below. Disclosing to third parties We disclose information to third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support, and market our Services. All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent. This information will not be shared with any third parties, excluding aggregators and providers of the text messaging services. Service Providers: We work with third-party service providers to provide website and application development, hosting, maintenance, backup, storage, virtual infrastructure, payment processing, analysis, marketing, and other services for us, which may require them to access or use information about you.В If a service provider needs to access information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under close instruction from us, including appropriate security and confidentiality procedures designed to protect your information. Atlassian Partners: We work with aВ  global network of partners В who provide consulting, implementation, training and other services around our products. We may disclose your information to these third parties in connection with their services, such as to assist with billing and collections, to provide localized support, and to provide customizations.В We may also disclose information to these third parties where you have agreed to that disclosure. Third-Party Services: You, your administrator or other Service users may choose to add new functionality or change the behavior of the Services by installing or connecting third-party services.В Doing so may give third-party services access to your account and information about you, like your name and email address. When you intentionally interact with such third-party services, we may disclose certain information to those third parties or receive information from those third parties, consistent with your privacy settings on the third-party service.В If you purchase or install a third-party service using Atlassian Marketplace, we will also disclose Order information to the third party in accordance with the Atlassian Marketplace Terms of Use . Third-party service policies and procedures are not controlled by us, and this privacy policy does not cover how third-party services use your information. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of third parties before connecting to or using their applications or services to learn more about their privacy and information handling practices. If you object to information about you being disclosed to these third parties, please do not install or connect the third-party service. Links to Third-Party Sites: The Services may include links that direct you to other websites or services whose privacy practices may differ from ours. If you submit information to any of those third-party sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit. Third-Party Widgets: SomeВ of our services contain widgets and social media features, suchВ as the Twitter "tweet" button or Facebook "like" button. These widgets and features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Widgets and social media features are either hosted by a third-party or hosted directly on our Services. You should always check the privacy settings and notices in these third-party services to understand how those third-parties may use your information.В  With your consent: We may also disclose information about you to third parties when you give us consent to do so.В For example, we often display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our public websites. With your consent, we may post your name alongside the testimonial.В В  Compliance with Enforcement Requests and Applicable Laws; Enforcement of Our Terms and Policies; Enforcement of Our Rights: We may disclose information about you to government authorities, law enforcement, or industry peers if we believe that sharing is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, or legal obligation, (b) enforce the terms of our agreements and our policies, (c) protect the security or integrity of our products and services, (d) protect Atlassian, our customers or the public from harm or illegal activities, or (e) respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose information to assist in preventing the death or serious bodily injury of any person. For more information on how we respond to government requests, see ourВ  Guidelines for Law Enforcement В and ourВ  Transparency Report . Disclosing to affiliated companies We disclose information we collect to affiliated companies and, in some cases, to prospective affiliates.В Affiliated companies are companies owned or operated by us.В The protections of this privacy policy apply to the information we disclose in these circumstances. Atlassian companies: We disclose information to other Atlassian corporate affiliates in order to operate,В maintain, and improveВ the Services, and to offer you other Atlassian affiliated services. This includes companies that own or operate the Services. Business Transfers: We may disclose or transfer information we collect under this privacy policy in connection with any merger, sale of company assets, financing, reorganization, dissolution, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Services if a transaction takes place, as well as any choices you may have regarding your information. Disclosing to other Service users When you use the Services, we disclose certain information about you to other Service users. Managed accountsВ and administrators: В If you register or access the Services using an email address with a domain that is owned by your employer or organization, or associate that email address with your existing account, and such organization wishes to establish an account or site, certain information about you, including your name, profile picture, contact info, content and past use of your account may become accessible to that organizationвҖҷs administrator and other Service users sharing the same domain. If you are an administrator for a particular site or group of users within the Services, we may disclose your contact information to current or past Service users, for the purpose of facilitating Service-related requests. В  Community Forums: Our websites offerВ publicly accessible blogs, forums, issue trackers, and wikis (e.g.,В  Atlassian Community ,В  Atlassian Developer Community ,В  Trello Community , andВ  Trello Inspiration ).В You should be aware that any information you provide on these websites - including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information - may be read, collected, and used by any member of the public who accesses these websites.В  Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account.В We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you input into these Services.В To request removal of your information from publicly accessible websites operated by us, please contact us as provided below. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information, in which case weВ willВ let you know if we are unable to and why. How we store and secure information We use industry standard technical and organizational measures to secure the information we store.В For more information on where and how we store your information, please see the Atlassian Trust Center. While we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet,В we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care,В isВ absolutelyВ safeВ fromВ intrusion by others. How long we keep information How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, the purposes for which it was collected, applicable legal or regulatory requirements, and user expectations and preferences. After such time, we will either delete or de-identify your information or, if this is not possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.В В  Account information: We retain your account information for as long as your account is active and a reasonable period thereafter in case you decide to re-activate the Services.В We also retain some of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, to support business operations, and to continue to develop and improve our Services. Where we retain information to develop and improve our Services, we take steps to de-identify the information.В В  Content you provide through our products: We retain de-identified and aggregated content in accordance with documentation for applicable data contribution Product functionalities. Information you share on the Services: If your account is deactivated or disabled, some of your information and the content you have provided will remain in order to allow your team members or other users to make full use of the Services.В For example, we continue to display messages you sent to the users that received them and continue to display content you provided.В  Managed accounts: If the Services are made available to you through an organization (e.g., your employer), we retain your information as long as required by the administrator of your account.В For more information, see "Managed accounts and administrators" at the вҖң How we disclose information вҖқ section. Marketing information: If you have elected to receive marketing emails from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our Services, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your Atlassian account.В We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created. How to access and control your information Your Rights: Where applicable under local law, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal information. For more information about region-specific rights for residents of the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and the United States, please refer to the вҖң Regional disclosures вҖқ section. Depending on which jurisdiction you live in, you may have the right to request information about our processing of your information, to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of your information (including for marketing purposes), to request the deletion or restriction of your information, to request your information in a structured, electronic format, to request to correct or update your information, to request that we transfer your information to a third party, and to request to opt out of certain disclosures of personal information and targeted advertising.В  In the вҖң Your choices вҖқ section, we describe the tools and processes for making different requests associated with these rights.В You can exercise some of the choices by logging into the Services and using settings available within the Services or your account. For all other requests, you may contact us as provided in the вҖң How to contact us вҖқ section. Your requests and choices may be limited in certain cases: for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal information about another person, or if you ask to delete information which we are required or permitted by law to retain.В Where you have asked us to disclose data to third parties, for example, by installing third-party apps, you will need to contact those third-party service providers directly to have your information deleted or otherwise restricted.В If you have unresolved concerns, you may have the right to complain to a data protection authority in the country where you live, where you work, or where you feel your rights were infringed. Your Choices:В  You have certain choices available to you when it comes to your information. Below is a summary of those choices, how to exercise them and any limitations: Access and update your information: Our Services give you the abilityВ toВ access and update certain information about you from within the Service. For example, you can access your profile information from your account and update your profile information within your profile settings (see here for instructions on how to do this). You can also make a request to access information that Atlassian holds in relation to your account here . If you donвҖҷt have an Atlassian account, you can make a request to access your information here . Delete your information, including your account: Our Services give you the ability to delete certain information about you from within the Services. For example, you can remove certain profile information within your profile settings (see here for instructions on how to do this). If you would like to delete your Atlassian account, see here for more information. If you donвҖҷt have an Atlassian account, you can make a request to delete your information here . Please note, however, that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions, or to comply with our legal obligations.В  В  Request that we stop using your information: In some cases, you may ask us to stop accessing, storing, using and otherwise processing your information where you believe we don't have the appropriate rights to do so.В For example, if you believe a Services account was created for you without your permission, or you are no longer an active user, you can request that we delete your account as provided in this privacy policy.В Where you gave us consent to use your information for a limited purpose, you can contact us to withdraw that consent, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place at the time. If you object to information about you being disclosed to a third-party service, please disable the service. Opt out ofВ communications: В You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by using the unsubscribe link within each email, updating your email preferencesВ within yourВ Service account settings menu, or by contacting us as provided below to have your contact information removed from our promotional email list or registration database.В Even after you opt out from receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional messages from us regarding ourВ Services.В Please note, you will continue to receive generic ads. Opt out of targeted advertising: Where applicable under local law, you may have the right to opt out of targeted advertising by clicking вҖңManage PreferencesвҖқ and following the instructions. Where required, we also honor requests to opt out submitted via privacy preference signals recognized under applicable law, such as the Global Privacy Control (вҖңGPCвҖқ). For more information on the GPC and how to use a browser or browser extension incorporating the GPC signal, see Global Privacy Control вҖ” Take Control Of Your Privacy . Relevant browser-based cookie controls are described in ourВ  Cookies & Tracking Notice . You may also be able to opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from other companies who subscribe to the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. For more information about this practice and to understand your options, please visit: http://www.aboutads.info В and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu . DataВ portability: Data portability is the ability to obtain some of your information in a format you can move from one service provider to another (for instance, when you transfer your mobile phone number to another carrier). Depending on the context, this applies to some of your information, but not to all of your information.В Should you request it, we will provide you with an electronic file of your basic account information and the information you create on the spaces under your soleВ control, like your personal Bitbucket repository. Our policy towards children Our Services are not intended for use by anyone under the age of 16. If we become aware that a child under 16В has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information. Regional disclosures Depending on where you live, you may have specific privacy rights that apply to you. The following privacy representations and disclosures are intended to supplement the main privacy policy and provide additional information about those rights and other information relevant to data subjects located in the following jurisdictions. For data subjects located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, please refer to the European Economic Area and United Kingdom privacy disclosures below. For residents of the United States, please refer to the U.S. State privacy disclosures below. В  European Economic Area and United Kingdom privacy disclosures If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom (UK), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable data protection laws.В The legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use them. This means we collect and use your information only where: We need it to provide you the Services and personalise your experience, provide customer support and to maintain Service safety and security; It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as to develop and improve our Services, to conduct marketing and promotional activities and to protect our legal rights and interests; You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation. If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.В Where we are using your information because we have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use, though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Services.В  The following chart identifies the applicable legal basis for each processing purpose:     Purpose (see the How we use information section for more detail) Legal basis To provide the Services and personalize your experience; To develop and improve the Services, including machine learning and artificial intelligence model training; To communicate with you about the Services; To conduct marketing and promotional activities; To provide customer support; Verify your account credentials as needed to log you into the Services and help safeguard your accountвҖҷs security; Protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliated companies, you, or other parties, including to enforce this privacy policy and any other agreements or policies; Detect and prevent fraud, illegal activity, or violations of the terms of our agreements and our Service policies, and to maintain the security of our IT systems, architecture, assets, customers, and networks; and Aggregate or de-identify data. Legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR) To provide the Services and personalize your experience; To develop and improve the Services; Communicate with you about changes to our terms, conditions, or policies; or to respond to your inquiries, comments, feedback, or questions; Verify your account credentials as needed to log you into the Services and help safeguard your accountвҖҷs security; Process payments; Detect and prevent fraud, illegal activity, or violations of Service policies, and to maintain the security of our IT systems, architecture, assets, customers, and networks; and Protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliated companies, you, or other parties, including to enforce this privacy policy and any other agreements or policies. Contractual necessity (Article 6(1)(b) GDPR) To develop and improve the Services; Publish testimonials or featured customer stories; and To conduct marketing and promotional activities (where you have provided consent to receive such marketing or promotions). Consent (where legally required) (Article 6(1)(a) GDPR) To maintain Service safety and security; Detect and prevent fraud, illegal activity, or violations of the terms of our agreements and our Service policies; Authenticate account credentials, as necessary to log you into the Services and help protect the security of your account; and Comply with legal obligations and legal process and to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliated companies, you, or other parties, including to enforce this privacy policy and any other agreements or policies. Compliance with a legal obligation (Article 6(1)(c) GDPR) Where applicable under local law and subject to applicable exceptions, you have the following rights regarding your personal information: To request access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you (including in a portable and/or machine-readable format); To object to how we process your personal information; To update or correct your personal information; To request that we delete certain personal information we hold about you; To restrict how we process certain personal information about you; To request that we transfer your information to a third-party provider of services; To withdraw your consent at any time (where you have provided consent for the processing of your personal information); and To lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority. В  If you have a complaint or concern about your personal information, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our best to resolve your concern. You can submit inquiries to the appropriate representative here: EU Representative: Atlassian B.V. c/o Atlassian US, Inc. 350 Bush Street, Floor 13 San Francisco, CA 94104 E-Mail:В  eudatarep@atlassian.com UK Representative: Atlassian (UK) Operations Limited c/o Herbert Smith Freehills LLP Exchange House Primrose Street London EC2A 2EG United Kingdom E-Mail:В  ukrepresentative@atlassian.com International transfers: We collect information globally and may transfer, process, and storeВ your information outside of your country of residence, to wherever we or our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you the Services.В Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it.В В  International transfers within the Atlassian Companies: В To facilitate our global operations, we transfer information globally and allow access to that information from countries in which the Atlassian owned or operated companies have operations for the purposes described in this privacy policy. These countries may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the laws of your country. When we disclose information about you within and among Atlassian corporate affiliates, we make use of the Data Privacy Framework to receive personal data transfers from the European Union/European Economic Area to the U.S. (see the вҖңData Privacy Framework noticeвҖқ section below), and the standard contractual data protection clauses (see here ), which have been approved by the European Commission, to safeguard the transfer of information we collect from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom (the "UK"), and Switzerland.В Refer toВ  this page В for a list of countries to which we regularly transfer personal data. Data Privacy Framework notice: On July 10, 2023, the European CommissionвҖҷs adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) entered into force. Atlassian, Inc. and its U.S. subsidiaries (Atlassian Network Service, Inc., Dogwood Labs, Inc., AgileCraft LLC, Loom, Inc., Opsgenie, Inc., and Trello, Inc.) adhere to the Data Privacy Framework Principles regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data that is transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the U.S.В  Atlassian complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Atlassian has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.В  Atlassian has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.В  If there is any conflict between the terms in this policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visitВ  https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/ .В  In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Atlassian commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visitВ  Submit a Report - Watchdog В for more information or to file a complaint. These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AtlassianвҖҷs compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:В  Data Privacy Framework .В  In certain situations, Atlassian may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.В  In the context of onward transfers, Atlassian is accountable for the processing of personal data it receives, under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Atlassian remains liable under the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles if the AtlassianвҖҷs agent processes personal information in a manner inconsistent with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, unless the Atlassian proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to damage. U.S. State privacy disclosures The disclosures in this section apply only to U.S. residents and are intended to supplement this privacy policy with information required by applicable U.S. state laws. The table below describes the categories of personal information we collected in the past 12 months, the purposes for which we collect and disclose this information, the categories of recipients of disclosures made for business purposes in the past 12 months, and the categories of recipients of disclosures made in the past 12 months that may be considered вҖңsalesвҖқ of personal information or вҖңsharingвҖқ of personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising under U.S. state laws.         Category of Information Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes Recipients of вҖңSalesвҖқ or вҖңSharingвҖқ Identifiers , such as name, email address, unique identifiers associated with user or user account, IP Address Operate, maintain, and improve the Services Verify your account credential as needed to log you into the Services and help safeguard your accountвҖҷs security Service access controls Process payments Develop and improve our Services Conduct marketing and promotional activities For safety and security Debugging Customer support Atlassian Companies Atlassian Partners Service Providers Third-Party Apps Third Party Advertising Providers Content de-identified and aggregated in accordance with applicable data contribution product settings Develop and improve our Services Atlassian Companies Service Providers -NA- Commercial information , such as purchase details, transaction records, billing information, billing address, payment card details Operate, maintain, and improve the Services; Process payments; Develop and improve our Services; Conduct marketing and promotional activities; For safety and security; Debugging; Customer support Atlassian Companies Atlassian Partners Service Providers -NA- Internet or other electronic network activity information , such as information about your usage of the Services, pseudonymous IDs, clickstream data, device and connection information, browser information, crash data, referring/exit URLs, IP Address Operate, maintain, and improve the Services Atlassian Companies Atlassian Partners Event Sponsors Service Providers -NA- Visual and audio information , such as your image, video and audio recording, with your permission Operate, maintain, and improve the Services Atlassian Companies Atlassian Partners Event Sponsors Service Providers -NA- Professional or employment information , such as job title, company name, company domain Operate, maintain, and improve the Services; Conduct marketing and promotional activities; Detecting security incidents; Debugging; Customer support Atlassian Companies Atlassian Partners Service Providers -NA- Geolocation data , such as your approximate location, IP address, time zone Operate, maintain, and improve the Services; Conduct marketing and promotional activities; Customer support Atlassian Companies Atlassian Partners Service Providers Third Party Advertising Providers Inferences (drawn about you based on other personal information we collect), such as preferences, interests, user behavior data Operate, maintain, and improve the Services; Conduct marketing and promotional activities Atlassian Companies Service Providers Third Party Advertising Providers Sensitive personal information , such as login credentials and passwords Verify your account credentials as needed to log you into the Services and help safeguard your accountвҖҷs security; Service access controls Atlassian Companies Service Providers -NA- If you have questions about the categories of information we may collect about you or the sources of such information, please see the вҖң Information we collect вҖқ section. For more details about our processing activities, please see the вҖң How we use information вҖқ section. And for more information about how we may disclose information to third parties, please see the вҖң How we disclose information вҖқ section. Sensitive personal information: В We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than permitted under applicable law. Retention: How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, the purposes for which it was collected, applicable legal or regulatory requirements, and user expectations and preferences. After such time, we will either delete or de-identify your information or, if this is not possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible. Please see the вҖң How long we keep information вҖқ section for more information about specific retention criteria for different categories of personal information. Your rights: If you are a U.S. resident, you have the following rights regarding your personal information: To request information about our processing of your personal information; To request access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you (including in a portable and/or machine-readable format); To update or correct your personal information; To request that we delete certain personal information we hold about you, subject to certain exceptions; To opt out of the вҖңsaleвҖқ of personal information, the вҖңsharingвҖқ of personal information or вҖңtargeted advertisingвҖқ (as these terms are defined under applicable laws); The right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights; and The right to appeal our decision to deny your request, if applicable. В  For more information on how to exercise these your rights, please see the вҖң How to access and control your information вҖқ section. We encourage you to manage your information, and to make use of the privacy controls we have included in our Services. In order to protect your information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to provide additional information to verify your identity. If we cannot verify your identity, we may not be able to fulfill your request. Opt out of вҖңsalesвҖқ, вҖңsharingвҖқ, and вҖңtargeted advertisingвҖқ : You may also opt out of вҖңsalesвҖқ of personal information to third parties, вҖңsharingвҖқ of personal information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising, and вҖңtargeted advertisingвҖқ by clickingВ  here В and following the instructions. Where required, we also honor requests to opt out submitted via privacy preference signals recogniz