 
 Microsoft Services Agreement 
 This is the Trace Id: bc4e9db085aab142867515067734d589
 Skip to main content 
 Microsoft 
 Microsoft Services Agreement 
 Microsoft Services Agreement 
 Microsoft Services Agreement
 Home 
 FAQ 
 Microsoft Services Agreement 
 Microsoft Privacy Statement 
 Bing Suppliers Page 
 More 
 All Microsoft 
 Global 
 Microsoft 365 
 Azure 
 Copilot 
 Windows 
 Surface 
 Xbox 
 Deals 
 Small Business 
 Support 
 Software 
 Software 
 Windows Apps 
 Outlook 
 OneDrive 
 Microsoft Teams 
 OneNote 
 Microsoft Edge 
 Moving from Skype to Teams 
 PCs & Devices 
 PCs & Devices 
 Computers 
 Shop Xbox 
 Accessories 
 VR & mixed reality 
 Certified Refurbished 
 Trade-in for cash 
 Entertainment 
 Entertainment 
 Xbox Game Pass Ultimate 
 PC Game Pass 
 Xbox games 
 PC games 
 Business 
 Business 
 Microsoft AI 
 Microsoft Security 
 Dynamics 365 
 Microsoft 365 for business 
 Microsoft Power Platform 
 Windows 365 
 Small Business 
 Digital Sovereignty 
 Developer & IT 
 Developer & IT 
 Azure 
 Microsoft Developer 
 Microsoft Learn 
 Support for AI marketplace apps 
 Microsoft Tech Community 
 Microsoft Marketplace 
 Software companies 
 Visual Studio 
 Other 
 Other 
 Microsoft Rewards 
 Free downloads & security 
 Education 
 Gift cards 
 Licensing 
 Unlocked stories 
 View Sitemap 
 Search 
 Search or ask a question 
 No results 
 Cancel 
 Published: July 30, 2025 
 Effective: September 30, 2025 
 Print 
 Introduction to the Microsoft Services Agreement 
 The Microsoft Services Agreement is an agreement between you and Microsoft (or one of its affiliates) that governs your use of Microsoft consumer online products and services (including related support). 
 We understand that you may have questions about the Microsoft Services Agreement. We have an FAQ page (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/servicesagreement/faq) that provides more information, including what Microsoft products and services it covers. Whenever we make changes, we provide a summary of the most notable changes to the current Microsoft Services Agreement. We will also continue to provide a summary of the changes to the previous version, and a link to the previous version, of the Microsoft Services Agreement on the Summary of Changes (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/servicesagreement/updates) page. 
 Summary of Arbitration Provisions 
 The Microsoft Services Agreement contains binding arbitration and class action waiver terms that apply to U.S. residents. You and we agree to submit disputes to a neutral arbitrator and not to sue in court in front of a judge or jury, except in small claims court. Please see Section 15 for details. 
 ESTIMATED READING TIME: 55 Minutes; 14268 words 
 Microsoft Services Agreement 
 IF YOU LIVE IN (OR YOUR PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IS IN) THE UNITED STATES, PLEASE READ THE BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER IN SECTION 15. IT AFFECTS HOW DISPUTES ARE RESOLVED. 
 These terms (“ Terms ”) cover the use of those Microsoft consumer products, websites, related support, and services listed at the end of these Terms here (https://www.microsoft.com/servicesagreement#serviceslist) (the “ Services ”). You accept these Terms by creating a Microsoft account, through your use of the Services, or by continuing to use the Services after being notified of a change to these Terms. 
 Your Privacy 
   
 Your Content 
   
 Code of Conduct 
   
 Using the Services & Support 
   
 Using Third-Party Apps and Services 
   
 Service Availability 
   
 Updates to the Services or Software, and Changes to These Terms 
   
 Software License 
   
 Payment Terms 
   
 Contracting Entity, Choice of Law, Jurisdiction 
   
 Warranties 
   
 Limitation of Liability 
   
 Service-Specific Terms 
   
 Xbox 
   
 Store 
   
 Microsoft Family Features 
   
 Group Messaging 
   
 Skype, Microsoft Teams, and GroupMe 
   
 Bing and MSN 
   
 Cortana 
   
 Microsoft 365 Apps and Services 
   
 Health Bots 
   
 Digital Goods 
   
 Microsoft Storage 
   
 Microsoft Cashback 
   
 Microsoft Rewards 
   
 Azure 
   
 Microsoft Soundscape 
   
 Power Platform 
   
 Dynamics 365 
   
 Copilot AI Experiences 
   
 AI Services 
   
 Communications Services 
   
 Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver 
   
 Miscellaneous 
   
 NOTICES 
   
 STANDARD APPLICATION LICENSE TERMS 
   
 Covered Services 
   
 Your Privacy 1. Your Privacy. Your privacy is important to us. Please read the 
 Microsoft Privacy Statement (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839) 
 (the " Privacy Statement ") as it describes the types of data we collect from you and your devices (" Data "), how we use your Data, and the legal bases we have to process your Data. The Privacy Statement also describes how Microsoft uses your content, 
 which is your communications with others; postings submitted by you to Microsoft via the Services; and the files, photos, documents, audio, digital works, livestreams and videos that you upload,
 store, broadcast, create, generate, or share through the Services or inputs that you submit in order to generate content (" Your Content "). Where processing is based on consent and to the extent permitted by law, 
 by agreeing to these Terms, you consent to Microsoft’s collection, use and disclosure of Your Content and Data as described in the Privacy Statement. 
 In some cases, we will provide separate notice and request your consent as referenced in the Privacy Statement.
 Your Content 
 2. Your Content. Many of our Services allow you to create, store or share Your Content or receive material from others. We don’t claim ownership of Your Content. Your Content remains yours and you are responsible for it. 
 a. When you share Your Content with other people, you understand that they may be able to, on a worldwide basis, use, save, record, reproduce, broadcast, transmit, share and display Your Content for the purpose that you made Your Content available on the Services without compensating you. If you do not want others to have that ability, do not use the Services to share Your Content. You represent and warrant that for the duration of these Terms, you have (and will have) all the rights necessary for Your Content that is uploaded, stored, or shared on or through the Services and that the collection, use, and retention of Your Content will not violate any law or rights of others. Microsoft cannot be held responsible for Your Content or the material others upload, store or share using the Services. b. To the extent necessary to provide the Services to you and others, to protect you and the Services, and to improve Microsoft products and services, you grant to Microsoft a worldwide and royalty-free intellectual property license to use Your Content, for example, to make copies of, retain, transmit, reformat, display, and distribute via communication tools Your Content on the Services. If you publish Your Content in areas of the Service where it is available broadly online without restrictions, Your Content may appear in demonstrations or materials that promote the Service. Some of the Services are supported by advertising. Controls for how Microsoft personalizes advertising are available at https://choice.live.com (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=286759). We do not use what you say in email, chat, video calls or voice mail, or your documents, photos or other personal files, to target advertising to you. Our advertising policies are covered in detail in the Privacy Statement. c. Microsoft provides you with the ability to access your exportable data through the Microsoft privacy dashboard (https://account.microsoft.com/privacy) or the product user interface, when authenticated with your Microsoft account. This exportable data can be used to switch to third-party provider services. Microsoft reserves the right to restrict the export of data that may compromise the security of the services or Microsoft's intellectual property. If you are unable to export your data through these mechanisms, contact Microsoft at the address in the How to contact us section (https://privacy.microsoft.com/privacystatement#mainhowtocontactusmodule) or by using our web form (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2126612). 
 Code of Conduct 
 3. Code of Conduct. You are accountable for your conduct and content when using the Services. 
 a. By agreeing to these Terms, you’re agreeing that, when using the Services, including AI services that make decisions, or take actions, autonomously or with varying levels of human intervention, you will follow these rules: i. Don’t do anything illegal, or try to generate or share content that is illegal. ii. Don’t engage in any activity that exploits, harms, or threatens to harm children. iii. Don’t send spam or engage in phishing, or try to generate or distribute malware. Spam is unwanted or unsolicited bulk email, postings, contact requests, SMS (text messages), instant messages, or similar electronic communications. Phishing is sending emails or other electronic communications to fraudulently or unlawfully induce recipients to reveal personal or sensitive information, such as passwords, dates of birth, Social Security numbers, passport numbers, credit card information, financial information, or other sensitive information, or to gain access to accounts or records, exfiltration of documents or other sensitive information, payment and/or financial benefit. Malware includes any activity designed to cause technical harm, such as delivering malicious executables, organizing denial of service attacks or managing command and control servers. iv. Don’t publicly display or use the Services to generate or share inappropriate content or material (involving, for example, nudity, bestiality, pornography, offensive language, graphic violence, self-harm, or criminal activity). v. Don’t engage in activity that is fraudulent, false or misleading (e.g., asking for money under false pretenses, impersonating someone else, creating fake accounts, automating inauthentic activity, generating or sharing content that is intentionally deceptive, manipulating the Services to increase play count, or affect rankings, ratings, or comments). vi. Don’t circumvent any restrictions on access to, usage, or availability of the Services (e.g., attempting to “jailbreak” an AI system or impermissible scraping). vii. Don’t engage in activity that is harmful to you, the Services, or others (e.g., transmitting viruses, stalking, trying to generate or sharing content that harasses, bullies or threatens others, posting terrorist or violent extremist content, communicating hate speech, or advocating violence against others). viii. Don’t violate or infringe upon the rights of others (e.g., unauthorized sharing of copyrighted music or other copyrighted material, resale or other distribution of Bing maps, or taking photographs or video/audio recordings of others without their consent for processing of an individual’s biometric identifiers/information or any other purpose using any of the Services). ix. Don’t engage in activity that violates the privacy of others. x. Don’t help others break these rules. 
 More information about our policies, moderation and enforcement processes and service specific terms is available at aka.ms/trustandsafety . 
 Using the Services & Support 
 4. Using the Services & Support. 
 a. Microsoft account. You’ll need a Microsoft account to access many of the Services. Your Microsoft account lets you sign in to products, websites and services provided by Microsoft and some Microsoft partners. i. Creating an Account. You can create a Microsoft account by signing up online. You agree not to use any false, inaccurate or misleading information when signing up for your Microsoft account. In some cases, a third party, like your Internet service provider, may have assigned a Microsoft account to you. If you received your Microsoft account from a third party, the third party may have additional rights over your account, like the ability to access or delete your Microsoft account. Please review any additional terms the third party provided you, as Microsoft has no responsibility regarding these additional terms. If you create a Microsoft account on behalf of an entity, such as your business or employer, you represent that you have the legal authority to bind that entity to these Terms. You cannot transfer your Microsoft account credentials to another user or entity. To protect your account, keep your account details and password confidential. You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Microsoft account. ii. Account Use. You must use your Microsoft account to keep it active. This means you must sign in at least once in a two-year period to keep your Microsoft account, and associated Services (unless specified otherwise), active, unless a longer period is provided in the Microsoft account activity policy at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2086738 or in an offer for a paid portion of the Services. If you don’t sign in during this time, we will assume your Microsoft account is inactive and will close it for you. Please see section 4.a.iv.2 for the consequences of a closed Microsoft account. You must sign into your Outlook.com inbox and your OneDrive (separately) at least once in a one-year period, otherwise we will close your Outlook.com inbox and your OneDrive for you. If we reasonably suspect that your Microsoft account is at risk of being used by a third party fraudulently (for example, as a result of an account compromise), Microsoft may suspend your account until you can reclaim ownership. Based on the nature of the compromise, we may be required to disable access to some or all of Your Content. If you are having trouble accessing your Microsoft account, please visit this website: https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=238656 . iii. Kids and Accounts. By creating a Microsoft account or using the Services, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms and represent that you have either reached the age of "majority" where you live or your parent or legal guardian agrees to be bound by these Terms on your behalf. If you do not know whether you have reached the age of majority where you live, or do not understand this section, please ask your parent or legal guardian for help. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a minor, you and the minor accept and agree to be bound by these Terms and are responsible for all use of the Microsoft account or Services, including purchases, whether the minor’s account is now open or created later. iv. Closing Your Account. 1. You can cancel specific Services or close your Microsoft account at any time and for any reason. To close your Microsoft account, please visit https://account.live.com/closeaccount.aspx . When you ask us to close your Microsoft account, you can choose to put it in a suspended state for either 30 or 60 days just in case you change your mind. After that 30- or 60-day period, your Microsoft account will be closed. Please see section 4.a.iv.2 below for an explanation as to what happens when your Microsoft account is closed. Logging back in during the suspension period will reactivate your Microsoft account. 2. If your Microsoft account is closed (whether by you or us), a few things happen. First, your right to use the Microsoft account to access the Services stops immediately. Second, we’ll delete Data or Your Content associated with your Microsoft account or will otherwise disassociate it from you and your Microsoft account (unless we are required by law to keep it, return it, or transfer it to you or a third party identified by you). You should have a regular backup plan as Microsoft won’t be able to retrieve Your Content or Data once your account is closed. Third, you may lose access to products you’ve acquired. 
 b. Moderation and Enforcement. Many of our Services that allow you to interact, create, generate, and share content with others leverage safety systems to protect our Services and other users. i. Policies. Our Code of Conduct identifies what’s prohibited when using our Services. Our content and conduct policies can be found here (https://www.microsoft.com/DigitalSafety/policies). Specific Services have additional policies and community standards applicable to their users, which are available here (https://www.microsoft.com/DigitalSafety/policies/additional-guidelines). ii. Reporting a Concern. You can report concerning content or conduct that may violate our Code of Conduct here (https://aka.ms/reportconcerns). iii. Review. Where applicable, we may use automated systems and humans to review content to identify suspected spam, viruses, fraud, phishing, malware, jailbreaking, or other illegal or harmful content or conduct. iv. Enforcement. We reserve the right to deny content if it exceeds limits on storage or file size allowed by the Service. We may block, remove or decline to display content if it appears to violate our Code of Conduct or another Service policy or where required by law. If you violate these terms or Policies (https://aka.ms/trustandsafety), we may take action against your account. This could include limiting access to certain features or Services, stopping providing Services, closing your Microsoft account immediately or blocking delivery of a communication (like email, file sharing or instant message) to or from the Services. Closure of your access to a Service or your account may result in forfeiture of content licenses, associated content, memberships, and Microsoft account balances associated with the account. When reviewing alleged violations of these Terms, Microsoft reserves the right to review content to resolve the issue. However, we cannot monitor the entire Services and make no attempt to do so. For more information about the moderation and enforcement processes (https://www.microsoft.com/DigitalSafety/moderation-and-enforcement), Service specific terms , Additional policies and guidelines (https://www.microsoft.com/DigitalSafety/policies/additional-guidelines), and appeals (https://www.microsoft.com/DigitalSafety/moderation-and-enforcement/appeals), see https://aka.ms/trustandsafety . Information about our policy relating to claims of intellectual property infringement may be found at NOTICES . 
 c. Work or School Accounts. You can sign into certain Microsoft services with a work or school email address. If you do, you agree that the owner of the domain associated with your email address may be notified of the existence of your Microsoft account and its associated subscriptions, control and administer your account, and access and process your Data, including the contents of your communications and files, and that Microsoft may notify the owner of the domain if the account or Data is compromised. You further agree that your use of the Microsoft services may be subject to the agreements Microsoft has with you or your organization and these Terms may not apply. If you already have a Microsoft account and you use a separate work or school email address to access Services covered under these Terms, you may be prompted to update the email address associated with your Microsoft account in order to continue accessing such Services. d. Additional Equipment/Data Plans. To use many of the Services, you’ll need an internet connection and/or data/cellular plan. You might also need additional equipment, like a headset, camera or microphone. You are responsible for providing all connections, plans, and equipment needed to use the Services and for paying the fees charged by the provider(s) of your connections, plans, and equipment. Those fees are in addition to any fees you pay us for the Services and we will not reimburse you for such fees. Check with your provider(s) to determine if there are any such fees that may apply to you. e. Service Notifications. When there’s something we need to tell you about a Service you use, we’ll send you Service notifications. If you gave us your email address or phone number in connection with your Microsoft account, then we may send Service notifications to you via email or via SMS (text message), including to verify your identity before registering your mobile phone number and verifying your purchases. We may also send you Service notifications by other means (for example by in-product messages). Data or messaging rates may apply when receiving notifications via SMS. f. Support. Support for some Services is available at https://support.microsoft.com and certain Services may offer separate or additional customer support, subject to additional terms. Support may not be available for preview or beta versions of features or Services. Availability of Support may vary based on the stage of the product lifecycle and you must have an eligible and validly licensed Service(s) that meet(s) the applicable minimum requirements for supportability described in the Microsoft Lifecyle (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/lifecycle/). g. Ending your Services. If your Services are canceled (whether by you or us), first your right to access the Services stops immediately and your license to the software related to the Services ends. Second, we’ll delete Data or Your Content associated with your Service or will otherwise disassociate it from you and your Microsoft account (unless we are required by law to keep it, return it, or transfer it to you or a third party identified by you). As a result you may no longer be able to access any of the Services (or Your Content that you’ve stored on those Services). You should have a regular backup plan. Third, you may lose access to products you’ve acquired. If you have canceled your Microsoft account and have no other account able to access the Services your Services may be canceled immediately. 
 Using Third-Party Apps and Services 
 5. Using Third-Party Apps and Services. The Services may allow you to access or acquire products, services, websites, links, content, material, games, skills, integrations, bots or applications from independent third parties (companies or people who aren’t Microsoft) ( "Third-Party Apps and Services" ). Many of our Services also help you find, make requests to, or interact with Third-Party Apps and Services and may allow or require you to share Your Content or Data with such Third-Party Apps and Services, and you understand that by using our Services you are directing them to make Third-Party Apps and Services available to you. The Third-Party Apps and Services may allow or require you to store Your Content or Data with the publisher, provider or operator of the Third-Party Apps and Services. The Third-Party Apps and Services may present you with a privacy policy or require you to accept their terms before you can install or use the Third-Party App or Service. See section 13.b for additional terms for applications acquired through certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to, the Office Store, the Microsoft Store on Xbox and the Microsoft Store on Windows. You should review the third-party terms and privacy policies before acquiring, using, requesting, or linking your Microsoft Account to any Third-Party Apps and Services. Any third-party terms do not modify these Terms. Microsoft does not license any intellectual property to you as part of any Third-Party Apps and Services. You agree to assume all risk and liability arising from your use of these Third-Party Apps and Services and that Microsoft is not responsible for any issues arising out of your use of them. Microsoft is not responsible or liable to you or others for information or services provided by any Third-Party Apps and Services. 
 Service Availability 6. Service Availability. a. The Services, Third-Party Apps and Services, or material or products offered through the Services may be unavailable from time to time, may be offered for a limited time, or may vary depending on your region or device. If you change the location associated with your Microsoft account, you may need to re-acquire the material or applications that were available to you and paid for in your previous region. b. We strive to keep the Services up and running; however, all online services suffer occasional disruptions and outages, and Microsoft is not liable for any disruption or loss you may suffer as a result. In the event of an outage, you may not be able to retrieve Your Content or Data that you’ve stored. We recommend that you regularly backup Your Content and Data that you store on the Services or store using Third-Party Apps and Services. 
 Updates to the Services or Software, and Changes to These Terms 7. Updates to the Services or Software, and Changes to These Terms. a. We may change these Terms at any time, and we’ll tell you when we do. Using the Services after the changes become effective
 means you agree to the new terms. If you don’t agree to the new terms, you must stop using the Services, close your Microsoft
 account and, if you are a parent or guardian, help your minor child close his or her Microsoft account. b. Sometimes you’ll need software updates to keep using the Services. We may automatically check your version of the software
 and download software updates or configuration changes. You may also be required to update the software to
 continue using the Services. Such updates are subject to these Terms unless other terms accompany the updates, in which case,
 those other terms apply. Microsoft isn’t obligated to make any updates available and we don’t guarantee that we will support
 the version of the system or device for which you purchased or licensed the software, apps, content or other products. c. Additionally, there may be times when we need to remove or change features or functionality of the Service or stop providing
 a Service or access to Third-Party Apps and Services altogether. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we have
 no obligation to provide a re-download or replacement of any material, Digital Goods (defined in section 14.j), or applications
 previously purchased. We may release the Services or their features in a preview or beta version, which may not work correctly or in
 the same way the final version may work. d. So that you can use material protected with digital rights management (DRM), like some music, games, movies, books and more,
 DRM software may automatically contact an online rights server and download and install DRM updates. 
 Software License 8. Software License. Unless accompanied by a separate Microsoft license agreement (for example, if you are using a Microsoft application that is included with and a part of Windows, then the Microsoft Software License Terms for the Windows Operating System govern such software), any software provided by us to you as part of the Services is subject to these Terms. Applications acquired through certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to the Office Store, Microsoft Store on Windows and Microsoft Store on Xbox) are subject to section 14.b.i below. a. If you comply with these Terms, we grant you the right to install and use one copy of the software per device on a worldwide basis for use by only one person at a time as part of your use of the Services. For certain devices, such software may be pre-installed for your personal, non-commercial use of the Services. The software or website that is part of the Services may include third-party code. Any third-party scripts or code, linked to or referenced from the software or website, are licensed to you by the third parties that own such code, not by Microsoft. Notices, if any, for the third-party code are included for your information only. b. The software is licensed, not sold, and Microsoft reserves all rights to the software not expressly granted by Microsoft, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise. This license does not give you any right to, and you may not:
 i. circumvent or bypass any technological protection measures in or relating to the software or Services; ii. disassemble, decompile, decrypt, hack, emulate, exploit, or reverse engineer any software or other aspect of the Services that is included in or accessible through the Services, except and only to the extent that the applicable copyright law expressly permits doing so; iii. separate components of the software or Services for use on different devices; iv. publish, copy, rent, lease, sell, export, import, distribute, or lend the software or the Services, unless Microsoft expressly authorizes you to do so; v. transfer the software, any software licenses, or any rights to access or use the Services; vi. use the Services in any unauthorized way that could interfere with anyone else’s use of them or gain access to any service, data, account, or network; vii. enable access to the Services or modify any Microsoft-authorized device (e.g., Xbox consoles, Microsoft Surface, etc.) by unauthorized third-party applications. 
 Payment Terms 
 9. Payment Terms. If you purchase a Service, then these payment terms apply to your purchase and you agree to them. 
 a. Charges. If there is a charge associated with a portion of the Services, you agree to pay that charge. The price stated for the Services excludes all applicable taxes and currency exchange settlements, unless stated otherwise. The price for Skype paid products includes a charge for the product and a charge for taxes. You are solely responsible for paying such taxes or other charges. Taxes are calculated based on your location at the time your Microsoft account was registered. We may suspend or cancel the Services if we do not receive an on time, full payment from you. Suspension or cancellation of the Services for non-payment could result in a loss of access to and use of your account and its content. Connecting to the Internet via a corporate or other private network that masks your location may cause charges to be different from those displayed for your actual location. b. Your Billing Account. To pay the charges for a Service, you will be asked to provide a payment method at the time you sign up for that Service. You can access and change your billing information and payment method on the Microsoft account management website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618281) and for Skype by signing into your account portal at https://skype.com/go/myaccount . Additionally, you agree to permit Microsoft to use any updated account information regarding your selected payment method provided by your issuing bank or the applicable payment network. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and payment method details, so we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed in connection with your transactions. Changes made to your billing account will not affect charges we submit to your billing account before we could reasonably act on your changes to your billing account. c. Billing. By providing Microsoft with a payment method, you (i) represent that you are authorized to use the payment method you provided and that any payment information you provide is true and accurate; (ii) authorize Microsoft to charge you for the Services or available content using your payment method; and (iii) authorize Microsoft to charge you for any paid feature of the Services you choose to sign up for or use while these Terms are in force. We may bill you (a) in advance; (b) at the time of purchase; (c) shortly after purchase; or (d) on a recurring basis for subscription Services. Also, we may charge you up to the amount you have approved, and we will notify you in advance of any change in the amount to be charged for recurring subscription Services. We may bill you at the same time for more than one of your prior billing periods for amounts that haven't previously been processed. d. Recurring Payments. When you purchase the Services on a subscription basis (e.g., monthly, every 3 months or annually), you agree that you are authorizing recurring payments, and payments will be made to Microsoft by the method and at the recurring intervals you have agreed to, until the subscription for that Service is terminated by you or by Microsoft. You must cancel your Services before the next billing date to stop being charged to continue your Services. We will provide you with instructions on how you may cancel the Services. By authorizing recurring payments, you are authorizing Microsoft to store your payment instrument and process such payments as either electronic debits or fund transfers, or as electronic drafts from your designated account (for Automated Clearing House or similar payments), or as charges to your designated account (for credit card or similar payments) (collectively, "Electronic Payments" ). Subscription fees are generally charged in advance of the applicable subscription period. If any payment is returned unpaid or if any credit card or similar transaction is rejected or denied, Microsoft or its service providers reserve the right to collect any applicable return item, rejection or insufficient funds fee and process any such payment as an Electronic Payment. e. Online Statement and Errors. Microsoft will provide you with an online billing statement on the Microsoft account management website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618282), where you can view and print your statement. For Skype, you can access your online statement by signing into your account at www.skype.com (https://www.skype.com). This is the only billing statement that we provide. If we make an error on your bill, you must tell us within 90 days after the error first appears on your bill. We will then promptly investigate the charge. If you do not tell us within that time, you release us from all liability and claims of loss resulting from the error and we won't be required to correct the error or provide a refund. If Microsoft has identified a billing error, we will correct that error within 90 days. f. Refund Policy. Unless otherwise provided by law or by a particular Service offer, all purchases are final and non-refundable. If you believe that Microsoft has charged you in error, you must contact us within 90 days of such charge. No refunds will be given for any charges more than 90 days old. We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. This refund policy does not affect any statutory rights that may apply. For more refund information, please visit our help topic (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618283). g. Canceling the Services. You may cancel a Service at any time, with or without cause. Cancelling paid Services stops future charges to continue the Service. To cancel a Service and request a refund, if you are entitled to one, visit the Microsoft account management website. You can request a refund from Skype using the Cancellation and Refund form (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618286). You should refer back to the offer describing the Services as (i) you may not receive a refund at the time of cancellation; (ii) you may be obligated to pay cancellation charges; (iii) you may be obligated to pay all charges made to your billing account for the Services before the date of cancellation; and (iv) you may lose access to and use of your account when you cancel the Services. We will process your Data as described above in section 4. If you cancel, your access to the Services ends at the end of your current Service period or, if we bill your account on a periodic basis, at the end of the period in which you canceled. If you initiate a chargeback or reversal with your bank for your payment of Services, we will deem you to have canceled as of the date that the original payment was made, and you authorize us to immediately cancel your service and/or revoke any content that was provided to you in exchange for such payment. h. Trial-Period Offers. If you are taking part in any trial-period offer, you may be required to cancel the trial Service(s) within the timeframe communicated to you when you accepted the offer in order to avoid being charged to continue the Service(s) at the end of the trial period. For certain trial-period offers, we may require auto-renewal to be turned on. i. Promotional Offers. From time to time, Microsoft may offer Services for a trial period during which Microsoft will not charge you for the Services. Microsoft reserves the right to charge you for such Services (at the normal rate) if Microsoft determines (in its reasonable discretion) that you are breaching the terms and conditions of the offer. j. Price Changes. We may change the price of the Services at any time and if you have a recurring purchase, we will notify you by email, or other reasonable manner, at least 15 days before the price change. If you do not agree to the price change, you must cancel and stop using the Services before the price change takes effect. If there is a fixed term and price for your Service offer, that price will remain in force for the fixed term. k. Payments to You. If we owe you a payment, then you agree to timely and accurately provide us with any information we need to get that payment to you. You are responsible for any taxes and charges you may incur as a result of this payment to you. You must also comply with any other conditions we place on your right to any payment. If you receive a payment in error, we may reverse or require return of the payment. You agree to cooperate with us in our efforts to do this. We may reduce the payment to you without notice to adjust for any previous overpayment. l. Gift Cards. Redemption and use of gift cards (other than Skype gift cards) are governed by the Microsoft Gift Card Terms and Conditions (https://support.microsoft.com/help/10562/microsoft-account-gift-card-terms-and-conditions). Information on Skype gift cards is available on Skype’s Help page (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=615383). m. Bank Account Payment Method. You may register an eligible bank account with your Microsoft account to use it as a payment method. Eligible bank accounts include accounts held at a financial institution capable of receiving direct debit entries (e.g., a United States-based financial institution that supports automated clearing house (" ACH ") entries, a European financial institution that supports Single Euro Payments Area (" SEPA ") or "iDEAL" in the Netherlands). Terms you agreed to when adding your bank account as a payment method in your Microsoft account (e.g., the “mandate” in the case of SEPA) also apply. You represent and warrant that your registered bank account is held in your name or you are authorized to register and use this bank account as a payment method. By registering or selecting your bank account as your payment method, you authorize Microsoft (or its agent) to initiate one or more debits for the total amount of your purchase or subscription charge (in accordance with the terms of your subscription service) from your bank account (and, if necessary, initiate one or more credits to your bank account to correct errors, issue a refund or similar purpose), and you authorize the financial institution that holds your bank account to deduct such debits or accept such credits. You understand that this authorization will remain in full force and effect until you remove your bank account information from your Microsoft account. Contact customer support as outlined above in section 4.e as soon as possible if you believe you have been charged in error. Laws applicable in your country may also limit your liability for any fraudulent, erroneous or unauthorized transactions from your bank account. By registering or selecting a bank account as your payment method, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to these Terms. 
 Contracting Entity, Choice of Law, Jurisdiction 10. Contracting Entity. For use of free and paid consumer Skype-branded Services, you're contracting with, and all references to “Microsoft” in these Terms mean, Skype Communications S.à.r.l, 23 – 29 Rives de Clausen, L-2165 Luxembourg. For all other Services, you're contracting with Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052, U.S.A. 11. Choice of Law and Place to Resolve Disputes. If you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) the United States, the laws of the state where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern all claims, regardless of conflict of laws principles, except that the Federal Arbitration Act governs all provisions relating to arbitration. You and we irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in King County, Washington, for all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services that are not heard in arbitration or small claims court. 
 Warranties 
 12. Warranties. MICROSOFT, AND OUR AFFILIATES, RESELLERS, DISTRIBUTORS, AND VENDORS, MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, GUARANTEES
 OR CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT
 WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES ON AN "AS IS" BASIS "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." YOU BEAR
 THE ENTIRE RISK OF USING THE SERVICES. MICROSOFT DOESN'T GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OR TIMELINESS OF THE SERVICES. 
 TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAW, WE EXCLUDE ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING FOR MERCHANTABILITY,
 SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU MAY HAVE CERTAIN RIGHTS
 UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAW. NOTHING IN THESE TERMS IS INTENDED TO AFFECT THOSE RIGHTS, IF THEY ARE APPLICABLE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE
 THAT COMPUTER AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ARE NOT FAULT-FREE AND OCCASIONAL PERIODS OF DOWNTIME OCCUR. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE
 THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT CONTENT LOSS WON'T OCCUR, NOR DO WE GUARANTEE
 ANY CONNECTION TO OR TRANSMISSION FROM THE COMPUTER NETWORKS. 
 Limitation of Liability 
 13. Limitation of Liability. If you have any basis for recovering damages (including breach of these Terms), you agree that your exclusive remedy is
 to recover, from Microsoft or any affiliates, resellers, distributors, Third-Party Apps and Services providers, and vendors,
 direct damages up to an amount equal to your Services fee for the month during which the loss or breach occurred (or up to $10.00
 if the Services are free). You can't recover any other damages or losses, including direct, consequential,
 lost profits, special, indirect, incidental, or punitive. These limitations and exclusions apply even if this remedy
 doesn't fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its essential purpose or if we knew or should have known about
 the possibility of the damages. To the maximum extent permitted by law, these limitations and exclusions apply to anything
 or any claims related to these Terms, the Services, or the software related to the Services. 
 Service-Specific Terms 14. Service-Specific Terms. The terms before and after section 14 apply generally to all Services. 
 This section contains service-specific terms that are in addition to the general terms. These service-specific terms govern if there are any conflicts with the general terms. 
 Xbox 
 a. Xbox. i. Personal Noncommercial Use. The Xbox online service, ("Xbox Network"), Xbox Game Studios games (https://www.xbox.com/xbox-game-studios), applications, subscriptions (e.g., Xbox Game Pass subscription service offerings), services (e.g., Xbox Live and Xbox Cloud Gaming), and content provided by Microsoft (collectively, the " Xbox Services ") are only for your personal and noncommercial use. ii. Xbox Services. When you sign up to receive Xbox Services, information about your game play, activities and usage of games and Xbox Services will be tracked and shared with applicable third parties, including game developers and publishers, in order for Microsoft to deliver the Xbox Services and for the third parties to operate non-Microsoft games and services. Additionally, if Xbox Services are accessed via third-party devices or platforms, information about your game play, activities and usage of games and Xbox Services may be tracked and shared by such third-party devices and platforms, subject to any third-party terms and privacy policies. If you sign in to another platform or device with your Microsoft account or link your Microsoft account with such platforms or devices to access Xbox Services (for example, to access Xbox Game Studios games on other platforms or devices) or to access a non-Microsoft Service (for example, a non-Microsoft game publisher of Third-Party Apps and Services), you agree that: (a) Microsoft may share limited account and usage-related information (including without limitation gamertag, gamerscore, game history, usage data and friends list) with that party as stated in the Microsoft Privacy Statement, and (b) if allowed by your Xbox privacy settings, that party may also have access to Your Content from in-game communications or other applications that you use when you are signed into your account with that party. Also, if allowed by your Xbox privacy settings, Microsoft can publish your name, gamertag, gamerpic, motto, avatar, gameclips and games that you’ve played in communications to people you allow. If you have enabled Xbox-specific Family Safety settings, those settings apply on Xbox consoles, Xbox Cloud Gaming, and the Xbox app on PC or mobile devices, but many not apply to Xbox Game Studios games or services accessed or played on other devices or platforms. To ensure a safer gaming experience for your family, please check the parental settings on these devices and platforms. iii. Your Content. As part of building the Xbox Services community, you grant to Microsoft, its affiliates and sublicensees a free and worldwide right to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, broadcast, share and display Your Content or your name, gamertag, motto, or avatar that you posted for any Xbox Services. iv. Game Managers. Some games may use game managers, ambassadors, or hosts. Game managers and hosts are not authorized Microsoft spokespersons. Their views do not necessarily reflect those of Microsoft. v. Kids and Xbox. If you are a minor using the Xbox Services, your parent or guardian may have control over many aspects of your account and may receive reports about your use of the Xbox Services. These features are exclusive to Xbox Services and may not transfer to other devices or platforms. vi. Game Currency or Virtual Goods. The Xbox Services may include a virtual, game currency (like gold, coins or points) that may be purchased from or on behalf of Microsoft using actual monetary instruments if you have reached the age of "majority" where you live. The Xbox Services may also include virtual, digital items or goods that may be purchased from or on behalf of Microsoft using actual monetary instruments or using game currency. Game currency and virtual goods may never be redeemed for actual monetary instruments, goods or other items of monetary value from Microsoft or any other party. Other than a limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use the game currency and virtual goods in the Xbox Services only, you have no right or title in or to any such game currency or virtual goods appearing or originating in the Xbox Services, or any other attributes associated with use of the Services or stored within the Xbox Services. Microsoft may at any time regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate the game currency and/or virtual goods associated with any one or more Xbox games or apps as it sees fit in its sole discretion. vii. Software Updates. For any device that can connect to Xbox Services, we may automatically check your version of Xbox console software or the Xbox app software and download Xbox console or Xbox app software updates or configuration changes, including those that prevent you from accessing the Xbox Services, using unauthorized Xbox games or Xbox apps, or using unauthorized hardware peripheral devices with an Xbox console. viii. Cheating and Tampering Software. For any device that can connect to Xbox Services, we may automatically check your device for unauthorized hardware or software that enables cheating or tampering in violation of the Code of Conduct or these Terms, and download Xbox app software updates or configuration changes, including those that prevent you from accessing the Xbox Services, or from using unauthorized hardware or software that enables cheating or tampering. ix. Additional Subscription Terms and Conditions. Xbox Services subscriptions are subject to additional terms and conditions set forth in the Xbox Subscriptions Terms & Conditions | Xbox (https://www.xbox.com/en-us/legal/subscription-terms). x. Inactive Xbox Service Subscriptions. Microsoft may turn off your recurring billing and stop recurring charges in select countries if you do not use your Xbox Services subscription for a period of time. Microsoft will provide notice to you before turning off recurring billing. For more information, including the applicable period of inactivity, see Subscription inactivity FAQ | Xbox Support (https://support.xbox.com/en-US/help/subscriptions-billing/manage-subscriptions/xbox-subscription-inactivity-policy). xi. Mojang services. The Minecraft EULA (https://www.minecraft.net/eula) supplements these Terms and applies to your use of Minecraft websites, services, software and games. xii. Additional end-user license agreements and codes of conduct. Some Xbox Services may have their own usage terms and codes of conduct. 
 Store b.
 Store. "Store" refers to a Service that allows you to browse, download, purchase, and rate and review applications (the term "application" includes games) and other digital content. These Terms cover use of certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to, the Office Store, Microsoft Store on Xbox and Microsoft Store on Windows). "Office Store" means a Store for Office products and apps for Office, Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access and Project (2013 versions or later), or any other experience that is branded Office Store. "Microsoft Store on Windows" means a Store, owned and operated by Microsoft or its affiliates, for Windows devices such as phone, PC and tablet, or any other experience that is branded Microsoft Store and accessible on Windows devices such as phone, PC, or tablet. "Microsoft Store on Xbox" means a Store owned and operated by Microsoft or its affiliates and made available on Xbox consoles, or any other experience that is branded Microsoft Store and made available on an Xbox console.
 i.
 License Terms. We will identify the publisher of each application available in the relevant Store. Unless different license terms are provided with the application, the Standard Application License Terms ( "SALT" ) at the end of these Terms are an agreement between you and the application publisher setting forth the license terms that apply to an application you download through any Store owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (excluding the Office Store). For clarity, these Terms cover the use of, and services provided by, Microsoft Services. Section 5 of these Terms also applies to any Third-Party Apps and Services acquired through a Store. Applications downloaded through the Office Store are not governed by the SALT and have separate license terms that apply. ii.
 Updates. Microsoft will automatically check for and download updates to your applications, even if you’re not signed 
 into the relevant Store. You can change your Store or system settings if you prefer not to receive automatic updates to Store applications. 
 However, certain Office Store applications that are entirely or partly hosted online may be updated at any time by the application developer 
 and may not require your permission to update. iii.
 Ratings and Reviews. If you rate or review an application or other Digital Good in the Store, you may receive email 
 from Microsoft containing content from the publisher of the application or Digital Good. Any such email comes from Microsoft; we do not share your email 
 address with publishers of applications or other Digital Goods you acquire through the Store. iv.
 Safety Warning. To avoid possible injury, discomfort or eye strain, you should take periodic breaks from use of games or 
 other applications, especially if you feel any pain or fatigue resulting from usage. If you experience discomfort, take a break. 
 Discomfort might include feelings of nausea, motion sickness, dizziness, disorientation, headache, fatigue, eye strain, or dry eyes. Using 
 applications can distract you and obstruct your surroundings. Avoid trip hazards, stairs, low ceilings, fragile or valuable items that could 
 be damaged. A very small percentage of people may experience seizures when exposed to certain visual images like flashing lights or patterns 
 that may appear in applications. Even people with no history of seizures may have an undiagnosed condition that can cause these seizures. 
 Symptoms may include lightheadedness, altered vision, twitching, jerking or shaking of limbs, disorientation, confusion, loss of consciousness, 
 or convulsions. Immediately stop using and consult a doctor if you experience any of these symptoms, or consult a doctor before using the 
 applications if you’ve ever suffered symptoms linked to seizures. Parents should monitor their children’s use of applications for signs of symptoms. 
 Microsoft Family Features 
 c. Microsoft Family Features. Parents and kids can use Microsoft family features, including Microsoft Family Safety, to build trust based on a shared understanding of what behaviors, websites, apps, games, physical locations, and spending is right in their family. Parents can create a family by going to https://account.microsoft.com/family (or by following the instructions on their Windows device or Xbox console) and inviting kids or other parents to join. There are many features available to family members, so please carefully review the information provided when you agree to create or join a family and when you purchase Digital Goods for family access. By creating or joining a family, you agree to use the family in accordance with its purpose and won’t use it in an unauthorized way to unlawfully gain access to another person’s information. Microsoft Family Features are exclusive to Microsoft Services and are not transferable to other platforms. For example, Xbox-specific Family Safety settings apply on Xbox consoles, Xbox Cloud Gaming, and the Xbox app on PC or mobile devices, but may not extend to Xbox Game Studios games or services accessed or played on other devices or platforms. To ensure a safer gaming experience for your family, please check the parent settings on these other devices and platforms. 
 Group Messaging d.
 Group Messaging. 
 Various Microsoft services allow you to send messages to others via voice or SMS ("messages"), 
 and/or allow Microsoft and Microsoft-controlled affiliates to send such messages to you and one 
 or more other users on your behalf. WHEN YOU INSTRUCT MICROSOFT AND MICROSOFT-CONTROLLED AFFILIATES 
 TO SEND SUCH MESSAGES TO YOU OR TO OTHERS, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO US THAT YOU AND EACH PERSON 
 YOU HAVE INSTRUCTED US TO MESSAGE CONSENT TO RECEIVE SUCH MESSAGES AND ANY OTHER RELATED ADMINISTRATIVE 
 TEXT MESSAGES FROM MICROSOFT AND MICROSOFT-CONTROLLED AFFILIATES. "Administrative text messages" are 
 periodic transactional messages from a particular Microsoft service, including but not limited to a 
 "welcome message" or instructions on how to stop receiving messages. You or group members no longer 
 wishing to receive such messages can opt-out of receiving further messages from Microsoft or Microsoft-controlled 
 affiliates at any time by following the instructions provided. If you no longer wish to receive such messages 
 or participate in the group, you agree that you will opt out through the instructions provided by the applicable 
 program or service. If you have reason to believe that a group member no longer wishes to receive such messages 
 or participate in the group, you agree to remove them from the group. You also represent and warrant to us that 
 you and each person you have instructed us to message understands that each group member is responsible for the 
 costs of any message charges assessed by his or her mobile carrier, including any international message charges 
 that may apply when messages are transmitted from US-based numbers.
 Skype, Microsoft Teams, and GroupMe 
 e. Skype, Microsoft Teams, and GroupMe. i. Emergency Services. There are important differences between traditional mobile or fixed line telephone services and Skype, Microsoft Teams, and GroupMe. Microsoft has limited obligations under applicable local or national rules, regulations or law to offer access to emergency services, such as 911 or 112 emergency calling (“Emergency Services”), through Skype, Microsoft Teams, and GroupMe. ii. Only limited software versions of the Skype to Phone feature of Skype may support calls to Emergency Services in a very limited number of countries, and depending on the platform used. You can find details about availability and how to configure this feature here: https://www.skype.com/go/emergency. If your Skype to Phone emergency call is connected, you will need to provide the details of your physical location to enable the emergency services to respond to you. iii. APIs or Broadcasting. If you want to use Skype in connection with any broadcast, you must comply with the "Broadcast TOS" at https://www.skype.com/go/legal.broadcast . If you want to use any application program interface ( "API" ) exposed or made available by Skype you must comply with the applicable licensing terms, which are available at www.skype.com/go/legal . iv. Fair Use Policies. Fair usage policies may apply to your use of Skype. Please review these policies which are designed to protect against fraud and abuse and may place limits on the type, duration or volume of calls or messages that you are able to make. These policies are incorporated in these Terms by reference. You can find these policies at: https://www.skype.com/en/legal/fair-usage/ . v. Personal/Noncommercial Use. The use of Skype is for your personal and noncommercial use. You are permitted to use Skype at work for your own business communications. vi. Skype Number/Skype To Go. If Skype provides you with a Skype Number or Skype To Go number, you agree that you do not own the number or have a right to retain that number forever. For more details on Skype Number see https://secure.skype.com/en/skype-number/ . vii. Skype Manager. A "Skype Manager Admin Account" is created and managed by you, acting as an individual administrator of a Skype Manager group and not as a business entity. You may link your individual Microsoft account to a Skype Manager group ( "Linked Account" ). You may appoint additional administrators to your Skype Manager group subject to their acceptance of these Terms. If you allocate Skype Numbers to a Linked Account, you are responsible for compliance with any requirements related to the residency or location of your Linked Account users. If you choose to unlink a Linked Account from a Skype Manager group, any alloca