 PayPal Privacy Statement 
 Menu Back To Home Page Download Printable PDF PayPal Privacy Statement Overview PayPal Privacy Statement Last updated on May 6, 2026 Overview 
 PayPal, Inc. and our subsidiaries and affiliated companies  (“we,” “our,” “us,” “PayPal”, “PayPal corporate group”) provide this Privacy Statement to describe our use of your Personal Information  when you use your PayPal account(s), visit our websites (“Sites”), apply for, or use our Services  (to the extent available in your jurisdiction). This Privacy Statement does not apply to Excluded Services . 
 This Privacy Statement does not apply when Personal Information is processed by certain third parties, for example, authorities, credit bureaus, acquirers, and other financial institutions. Instead, the third parties’ processing of your Personal Information is regulated by their own privacy policies. We encourage you to read the third parties’ privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them. 
 If you reside in certain countries, we may process your Personal Information differently to comply with applicable privacy laws in those jurisdictions. You may also have specific privacy rights depending on your place of residence. To help you understand what rights apply to you, in this Privacy Statement we provide jurisdiction-specific information that provides more information based on where you reside. 
 We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions. Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in this Privacy Statement are explained in Definitions . 
 We may revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days’ prior notice by posting notice of the change on the Policy Updates or " Privacy Statement " page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date. If you are a new User or are receiving this Privacy Statement for the first time, and there is an upcoming change described on the Policy Updates or Privacy Statement page at the time you receive this Privacy Statement, such upcoming change will apply to you on the indicated effective date. PayPal Privacy Statement Non-Account Holders Non-Account Holders Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal account or profile. We will collect Personal Information from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Pay without a PayPal Account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g., Braintree), use a Fastlane profile, or when you receive a payment through the Visa+ service from a PayPal account holder or a payment from a payor using the Hyperwallet services. If you Pay without a PayPal account, we may link your transaction information with your PayPal account if you create a PayPal account later. PayPal Privacy Statement Notice at Collection Notice at Collection Categories of Personal Information We Collect Categories of Personal Information collected from you , including from your interactions with us and use of the Services: Personal identifiers : Such as name, business name, address, phone number, email, IP address, device information, information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies, government-issued identification, signature, and other information necessary to establish an account or profile. Records and financial information : Such as identity card numbers, government-issued identification, account header information, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, income, amount you send or request, your payment instrument, card, financial or funding account in connection with the Services, including issuer name, card type, country code, payment account number, CVV, username, and IBAN information. Transaction and experience information : Such as account balances, transaction history and transaction details, online shopping cart information, transaction ID, shopping activity and goods or services considered on Partners and Merchants sites, shipping address, shipping options and associated costs when you check out, purchase history, seller information, such as seller name, industry and postal code, buyer information, purchase information, and order tracking and product information. Commercial information : Such as payout amount, payor information, and the record of the Services. Geolocation data : Such as Global Positioning System (“ GPS ”), which we may collect with your consent if you have an account for financial Services, and IP-based geolocation data during your user experience or based on your mobile application settings. Internet or network activity : Such as interactions with our Services, information about response time for web pages, download errors, date and time when you used the service, shopping history, location information, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites, and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies. Biometric data : Such as voice identification, photo identification, or face scans, which we may collect when you consent in the user experience to authenticate you for certain actions related to your account, including, for example, to verify your identity before you access accounts and Services, recover passwords, update profile information, manage payments and payment methods, lift account limitations, and initiate cryptocurrency transfers. Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information : Such as call recordings when you talk to customer service. Professional or employment information: Such as business information, job title, contact emails, phone numbers and taxpayer ID numbers. Imported contact information : Such as name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts you import or enter manually. Account profile information : Such as username, profile picture, gender, or personal description, which you add that may include Sensitive Personal Information. You can set your profile to “Private” at any time. Information you provide when you contact us : Such as your responses to surveys, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account or profile status, repayment history, voice identification, vulnerability-related information provided by you and information about others if you choose to share it with us. Inferred data : Such as gender, income, browsing and purchasing habits, creditworthiness, fraud and risk assessment, your preferences and shopping behavior, which we may infer based on your transactions and interactions with our Services, ads and offers or with our Partners and Merchants. Information related to legal requirements : Such as information from external sanction lists, including name, date of birth, place of birth, occupation, and the reason why the person is on the external sanction lists in question, consistent with applicable law. Characteristics of protected classifications : Such as, age or date of birth, nationality, disability, citizenship, and military status. Sensitive Personal Information : Such as Social Security and tax ID number, government-issued and other related identification, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, financial information, biometric data (as described above), or precise geolocation data, depending on applicable privacy law. In certain jurisdictions (e.g. under the GDPR), this may also be referred to as “special category information”. Information from your device : Such as language settings, browser ID, device ID, device type, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution, and similar information about your device settings, device’s web browser, and internet connection, and data collected from Cookies or other tracking technologies. We may also obtain the above categories of Personal Information from the following categories of sources : Excluded Services, including Venmo and PayPal Honey. Third parties, including service providers, Partners and Merchants, payment partners, such as payment networks and processors, credit reporting agencies and public and private credit databases (“ CRAs ”), government entities, data brokers, and financial institutions. Linked accounts, including non-financial or financial accounts, such as social network accounts, mail accounts, or bank, card, or investment accounts you agree to link to PayPal. You may unlink your linked accounts at any time. If you choose to link these accounts or share such information with us, we will periodically collect and process it until you unlink the account. Third-party applications that you choose to use, including the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, or social networking sites. Members of the PayPal corporate group from time to time, such as the PayPal family of companies listed in Our Contact Information . When you shop on Partner and Merchant sites, the Partner or Merchant may disclose Personal Information with PayPal that we will use in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal user agreement. How We Use Personal Information We may process your Personal Information for a variety of reasons, including to provide our Services, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We also use Personal Information to allow you to participate in certain features that may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, personalizing content and offers, targeted advertising, or connecting to a third-party platform. Some of these features may be offered with an opt-out or require your consent to enable. You can withdraw your consent at any time, as described in Your Data Protection Rights . 
 We may collect Personal Information to: 
 Provide our Services . We may use Personal Information to help you send, receive or request money, initiate a payment, add monetary value to an account, pay a bill, administer your purchases, display shipping options and associated costs when you check out, show you your profile, account and payment information, send and receive transactions and prove that they have been executed, to assess your creditworthiness in connection with our Services, confirm your identity (also through the use of electronic signature) and your contact information, to authenticate your access to your account or profile and to confirm your account or profile and financial information are accurate and up to date. 
 For Visa+, we will receive the recipient’s name and payment information from Visa and third-party Visa+ participating digital wallets for the purpose of processing and matching Visa+ payment transactions between participating digital wallets and PayPal. 
 If you are using Fastlane, we may recognize you as a Fastlane user when you shop on participating Partner and Merchant sites, and we may prompt you to engage in participating Partner or Merchant interactions, such as registering for a store or loyalty account using your Fastlane profile. We will also use your Personal Information and payment method details to determine whether the payment you are making with a participating Partner or Merchant is authorized by you and likely to be successfully authorized by the payment method you choose to use when you make a purchase using details from your Fastlane profile. 
 Provide receipts in connection with PayPal Point of Sale (formerly Zettle by PayPal) services. For buyers using our PayPal Point of Sale services (including Venmo Tap to Pay), you may choose to provide us your contact details so that we can send you digital receipts. If you provide your e-mail address or mobile number to a Partner or Merchant who uses PayPal Point of Sale, we may remember your details for the next time you buy something from a Merchant who uses PayPal Point of Sale in its physical store, if you use the same payment card. This is regardless of whether you have previously bought something from this Merchant or not. This means that your e-mail address or mobile number will be pre-filled in the receipt view for your convenience the next time you buy something from a Merchant who uses PayPal Point of Sale in its physical store. 
 Manage, analyze and improve our Services. We may use Personal Information to develop new products and features, to administer our Services, to promote the safety and security of the Services, for customer analysis and internal operations (e.g., for troubleshooting) and procedures, data analysis, testing, research, and statistical purposes. We may also use your transaction and experience data on an aggregated basis to generate business insights. We may share those insights with third parties such as our Partners and Merchants to help improve their products and services. 
 AI and Automated Decision Making . We may use Personal Information to train our artificial intelligence (AI) models that power our Services and help us deliver more secure, efficient, and personalized services. PayPal also uses Automated Decision Making to provide our products and Services, conduct risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management to protect our customers and business, including to prevent fraud against our Partners and Merchants and strategic ventures. Please see AI and Automated Decision Making  to learn more. 
 Manage your creditworthiness . Pursuant to applicable law, we will use and exchange Personal Information about you with CRAs to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, trace and recover debts, and prevent fraud and criminal activity. This information may be supplied by CRAs to other organizations to perform similar checks and to trace your whereabouts and recover debts that you owe. 
 Associate information about you. If you use our Services without a PayPal Account, we may associate such transactions with your PayPal account if you later establish an account. If you use one of the following—Fastlane, Venmo, and PayPal Honey—we may associate information about your transactions and experiences using these Services to personalize content and offers and improve your use of the PayPal Services. 
 Market our Services . We may use Personal Information to provide you with information, news, and market our Services including where we partner with others to offer similar services to market about our Partners and Merchants. We use Personal Information, including when we associate information about you, to better understand and cater to your interests. 
 Competitions, Offerings and Events . We may use Personal Information to facilitate your participation in competitions, offerings, and events. 
 Communicate with you . We may use your Personal Information to communicate with you, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team. 
 Comply with laws and risk oversight . We may use Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and rules (including anti-money laundering (“ AML ”), bookkeeping laws and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks, and know-your-customer (“ KYC ”)), enforce our agreements with you and other people who use our Services, and establish, and exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedure. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police and other enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities where we are not compelled by applicable laws but where we have a good faith belief that sharing the information is necessary to comply with applicable law. Further, we will conduct financial risk management, such as credit performance and quality, assess product suitability, check your identity, trace and recover debts, prevent criminal activity, fraud and scams, mitigate insurance risks, and support compliance with capital adequacy requirements under applicable law. 
 Process information about your contacts . We may use Personal Information in order to make it easy for you to find and connect your contacts, improve payment accuracy and suggest connections with people you may know. By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. 
 Create an account connection between your account and a third-party account or platform . We may use Personal Information to connect with a third-party account, such as your social network account to facilitate payment transactions or a financial institution when you link an account to PayPal or link your PayPal account to another financial institution, directly or through the use of an aggregator. 
 Send you locally relevant options and for security . If you agree to let us track your precise geolocation, we can customize our Services by personalizing language and content such as providing location-based options, functionality or offers, ads and search results. Even if you don’t allow us to track your precise location, we may still use your address to send you location-based options recommended by businesses that are near your address. In addition, we will use precise geolocation to enhance the security of the Sites and Services. We collect precise geolocation data from Users while they are logged into their financial account. 
 Personalize your experience and develop product recommendations . We may use Personal Information to provide you offers and rewards, show ads or otherwise personalize your experience, such as using insights from purchases and other behaviors on our and our Partner or Merchant websites or apps to develop recommendations about products, brands, sizes, preferences and styles that we provide to our Partners and Merchants so that they can recommend relevant products to you. 
 Remember your preferences . We may remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as which of your payment methods you prefer or whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout. 
 Website cookies and trackers . When you use Services, as well as other third-party sites and services, we might use tracking technologies like cookies. See Our Use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies  for more details. 
 Please note that certain jurisdictions require providing a lawful basis for processing Personal Information. See Our Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Information  for more information about our lawful basis for processing Personal Information under the EU and UK General Data Protection Regulation. We apply the same lawful bases for processing under other privacy laws that have equivalent requirements. When and How We Share Personal Information With Others We disclose your Personal Information with service providers and third parties, including those participating in the payment network, to help us provide Services, protect our customers from risk and fraud, market our products, and comply with legal obligations. We may use and disclose your Sensitive Personal Information if permitted to carry out legitimate business activities and as allowed by law (e.g., with consent or for certain purposes that do not require offering a right to limit use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information). 
 We may disclose Personal Information with the following categories of service providers: 
 Service providers . We may disclose Personal Information with our service providers that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as AI providers, fraud prevention, bill collection, shipping, processing payments, marketing, research, compliance, audits, corporate governance, communications, technical and/or design services, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support customer service operations. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit. Under applicable data protection laws, depending upon the country/region in which you reside, you may find a link to those third-party service providers  including the purpose of disclosure, types of information disclosed, etc. 
 We may also disclose Personal Information with the following categories of third parties: 
 Members of the PayPal corporate group from time to time, such as the PayPal family of companies listed in Our Contact Information , for purposes including (but not limited to) providing the Services you have requested or authorized, managing risk, helping us to detect and prevent potentially illegal and fraudulent acts and other violations of our policies and agreements, and helping us to manage the availability and connectivity of PayPal products, services, and communications. 
 Excluded Services . We may disclose Personal Information to the Excluded Services (as defined below), including Venmo to provide you with the Services, personalize your use of the Services, and to manage our business, or with PayPal Honey to manage our Rewards program. 
 Authorities . We may disclose Personal Information with authorities if compelled by a subpoena, court order, or similar legal procedure, when necessary to comply with law, or where the disclosure of Personal Information is reasonably necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, report suspected illegal activity, or investigate violations of the relevant agreement, or as otherwise required by law. Such authorities include courts, governments, law enforcement, and regulators. We may also be required to provide other third parties information about your use of our Services, for example, to comply with card association rules, to investigate or enforce violations of our user agreement, or to prevent physical harm or illegal activity. 
 Other financial institutions . We may disclose Personal Information with financial institutions to jointly offer a product, such as PayPal Credit, PayPal Savings, PayPal Cashback Mastercard and PayPal Extra Mastercard. 
 Payment networks and processors . We may disclose Personal Information with payment networks and processors to facilitate payment processing or to add cards to your electronic wallet. For payment transactions, your Personal Information will be shared with the provider of the payment services for the participating Partner and Merchant to enable the processing of the payment transaction. The payment provider for the Partner and Merchant may be PayPal or a third party payment provider. 
 Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies . We may disclose Personal Information with fraud prevention and identity verification agencies and other companies across industries to assist in detecting activities suggestive of fraud. 
 Credit reporting and debt collection agencies . We may disclose Personal Information with such agencies to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency. Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notices apply to the processing of Personal Information that you share directly with them, and they may report your unpaid debts to CRAs which may affect your creditworthiness or ability to secure future credit. 
 Other PayPal account holders to complete a transaction . We may disclose Personal Information with other PayPal account holders to complete a payment transaction, where necessary. This also applies when you interact with ads or offers we provide relating to one of our Partners and Merchants. The Personal Information that may be shared with other PayPal account holders includes your username, profile photo, first and last name, email, city, and phone number in accordance with your account settings. 
 Other Users in accordance with your account settings . In accordance with your account settings  or PayPal.Me preferences, your Personal Information can be seen by other account holders (such as users of Venmo or third party payment networks and processors) to help facilitate a transaction. For example, as part of the send money feature, a User may search for your account to initiate a payment. Based on your account settings, the information shown to other Users may include your username, profile photo, first and last name, email, phone number, city and state, month and year of PayPal account creation, and any additional information you include in the details or “about you” section of your account. 
 Other Users if you have a business profile . If you have a business profile, we will display a payment link and disclose certain information about you to other Users, including your name or business name, profile picture or logo, and the city associated with your PayPal account, as well as total time selling with us, total number of followers, and total number of unique Users that have paid you in the past year. If you have a business profile, you can choose to display other information to other Users, such as your street address, phone number, email and website, in accordance with your business profile settings. 
 Your agent or legal representative . We may disclose Personal Information to your agent or legal representative, such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed by you. 
 Linked accounts . If you choose to link your PayPal account with a third-party account, we may disclose Personal Information with third-parties who facilitate that linking. 
 Partners and Merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction . We may disclose Personal Information with these parties involved in a transaction such as your user name, address, phone number, email address to enable the purchase and delivery of the goods in the transaction. For example, when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, save your payment information with Fastlane, pay other Users using the Services, pay recipients using Visa+, return goods, or when you participate in transactions through the payment network, we may disclose information about you and your account or Fastlane profile with the other parties (or their service providers) involved in processing your transactions. If you choose to interact with participating Partners and Merchants, we will disclose your profile information with the participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and facilitate your transaction, shopping experience or other interaction with participating Partners and Merchants sites. This also applies when you interact with ads or offers we provide relating to one of our Partners and Merchants. Please note that once Personal Information is shared with Partners and Merchants (or their service providers) involved in a transaction, the handling of your Personal Information by the Partners and Merchants (or their service provider) is subject to the Partners’ and Merchants’ own privacy policies and procedures. 
 We may also disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchants to enable their use of our Services to facilitate your transactions. For example, when you visit a participating Partners and Merchants site or app, the Partners and Merchants can check whether you are a user of PayPal services and present a recommended payment method to you to simplify your checkout process. 
 For our PayPal customers, we may also disclose your Personal Information to Partners and Merchants that you and we interact with to help ourselves and Partners and Merchants personalize services and offers so you can have a better and more relevant experience. Personal Information we disclose includes, for example, products, sizes, preferences, and styles we think you’ll like. 
 Unless we are required by law to obtain your consent, we disclose Personal Information collected from you after November 27, 2024 (or from earlier if you consent) for personalized shopping experiences in the United States. 
 To opt-out of disclosures of Personal Information to Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences, log into your PayPal account and edit your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting. 
 If you opt-out, we will continue to disclose your Personal Information as necessary to complete transactions you initiate but will not disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchant for personalized shopping experiences. 
 Other third parties . We may disclose Personal Information with other third parties. For example, we disclose Personal Information to advertising platforms, at your direction. We also disclose Personal Information to security service providers to help prevent unauthorized access to our Services. This further applies to parties we cooperate with for marketing purposes, in particular to show you ads and offers tailored to your interests. Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the Personal Information that you share directly with them . For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. We may also use Google Address Autofill to ensure accuracy of your address. Google’s Privacy Policy  and Terms of Use  apply to the Personal Information you share with them. For marketing purposes, we may use third parties to identify and display ads on our Services tailored to your interests and track interactions with these ads. Your interactions with such ads are governed by their Privacy Policy. 
 Buyers in connection with business transfer . We may disclose Personal Information with a buyer in connection with a business transfer. For example, if we are involved in a merger, a purchase, or a sale of all or part of our business or assets, including receivables and debts, we may disclose, under appropriate data protection terms, your Personal Information to an interested or actual buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Information may also be disclosed to that third party. 
 We may disclose your Sensitive Personal Information as appropriate to carry out legitimate business activities, as you have consented to or as allowed by law. Please also see Sale” and “Sharing” of Personal Information  for additional information for individuals in the United States. How Long We Store Your Personal Information We retain Personal Information for as long as needed or is permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law. The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows: Personal Information used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years or such period as mandated by any applicable local law once our relationship comes to an end, unless we need to keep it longer to the extent permitted by applicable law, such as: When consistent with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or when permitted under applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations. In connection with litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims. We retain Personal Information for the least amount of time necessary where retention is advisable in light of litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims. We retain biometric data for as long as needed or permitted given the purpose for which it was collected and no more than 3 years after your account closes, unless otherwise required by applicable law. AI and Automated Decision Making We may process your Personal Information using AI and/or Automated Decision Making technology under the circumstances described below: 
 Automated Decision Making . PayPal uses Automated Decision Making technology to make assessments or decisions, including related to risk, fraud and creditworthiness, where permitted and in accordance with applicable law. Our Automated Decision Making technology may use profiling techniques to evaluate personal aspects about you, including to analyze or predict your economic situation, reliability and/or behavior. This enables us to assess, for example, whether you display traits indicating possible credit or financial risk, money laundering or fraudulent activity, that are inconsistent with any submissions you have made to us, or that suggest you have hidden your real identity. In making an Automated Decision, PayPal may process Users’ Personal Information. If we determine that you pose a credit, fraud, money laundering or other risk, we may refuse to provide new services to you, stop providing services you currently use, or place limits or restrictions on the services you use. Users may exercise rights related to Automated Decision Making, as described in Your Data Protection Rights . 
 Agentic AI . PayPal is committed to offering innovative and personalized experiences, and we may, directly or through our trusted partners, provide you with access to Agentic AI tools (“Agentic AI Tools”). These AI tools are designed to operate with a degree of autonomy, enabling them to perform tasks, make recommendations, and even initiate actions on your behalf, all while learning from your interactions. Agentic AI Tools leverage generative AI technology to enhance your experience on the PayPal platform. 
 We encourage you to carefully consider the recommendations and actions of Agentic AI Tools. Our Agentic AI Tools are not designed to make decisions that have legal or similarly significant effects, such as decisions with legal, medical, financial, or employment implications, and you must not use (or attempt to use) them for any such purpose. These tools are intended only to provide general assistance and insights, and you should not rely on them to replace your own judgement and expertise. 
 Agentic AI Tools require access to certain information to function effectively. When you use these tools, they will have access to your Personal Information, including queries, preferences, interests, purchase history, and payment information. 
 PayPal Privacy Statement Our Use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies Our Use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use Cookies to grant you access to our Sites, Services, applications and tools, recognize you as a user, customize your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics, mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Services. We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and generate inferences as described above. Where appropriate, security measures are set in place to prevent unauthorized access to our Cookies and similar technologies. A unique identifier ensures that only we and/or our authorized service providers have access to Cookie data. Service providers are companies that help us with various aspects of our business, such as Sites operations, Services, applications, advertisements and tools. We may use some authorized service providers to help us to serve you relevant ads on our Services and other places on the internet. These service providers may also place Cookies on your device via our Services (third-party Cookies). They may also collect information that helps them identify your device, such as IP-address or other unique device identifiers. Certain aspects and features of our Services and Sites are only available through the use of Cookies, so if you choose to disable or decline Cookies through your device or browser settings, your use of the Sites and Services may be limited or not possible. Do Not Track Some web browsers have an optional setting called “Do Not Track” (“ DNT ”) that lets you opt-out of being tracked by advertisers and some third parties. Because many of our services won’t function without tracking data, we do not respond to DNT settings. If you want to know more about how we use cookies, please review our Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies . To learn how to opt-out of this kind of tracking technology, visit About Ads . PayPal Privacy Statement Your Data Protection Rights Your Data Protection Rights Under applicable data protection laws, depending upon the country in which you reside, and subject to applicable exceptions and definitional differences among various laws, you may have certain rights about how your Personal Information is collected, stored, used and shared. Whether you decide to exercise your privacy rights or not, we will not discriminate or deny you services, charge you different prices, or provide you with a different level of service solely for exercising your privacy rights. Although, certain personalized services for PayPal customers may not provide the same level of personalization if you decide to limit the amount of Personal Information you share with us. How you can exercise your rights We recognize the importance of your ability to control the use of your Personal Information and provide several ways for you to exercise your privacy rights. If you, or an authorized agent, where permitted, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Information in your account profile(s), please follow the instructions on how to exercise your data protection rights below. Even if you do not have a PayPal account (for example, where you use Pay without a PayPal account), you may find instructions  to submit a privacy-rights request. We may first need to verify who you are before we can respond to your request. If permitted or required under privacy laws, we may ask you to provide us with information necessary to reasonably verify your identity before responding to your request. We will compare the information you submit against our internal business records to verify your identity. If we can’t verify your identity, we may not be able to fulfill your request, unless the right does not require verification. If we deny your request in whole or in part, you may have the right to be informed of the reasons we have for not taking action and regarding the possibility to appeal our decision or lodging a complaint with a supervisory authority and seeking judicial remedy. In such circumstances, we will provide you with information regarding the appeals process. You can also contact us, as noted in Our Contact Information . Authorized agents If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf, including a guardianship, conservatorship or other protective arrangement. Your rights Your right to know and request a copy of the Personal Information . If you want to request the Personal Information that we’ve collected about you, you have choices: Log in to your PayPal account(s) or profile management portal, and submit a request. If you reside in the United States, Call or contact us  and request that we provide you with the data we’ve collected. For other countries, please refer to Our Contact Information . Your right to request a list of specific third parties . If you want to request a list of the specific third parties to which we have disclosed your Personal Information: If you reside in the United States, Call or contact us  and request that we provide you with the data we’ve disclosed. For other countries, you may also submit a request through the Help Center . Your right to correct your Personal Information . If you want to correct certain of your Personal Information, you can: Log in to your PayPal account(s) or profile management portal, and submit a request. If you reside in the United States, Call or contact us  and request that we provide you with the data we’ve collected. For other countries, please refer to Our Contact Information . Your right to delete your Personal Information . If you want to delete certain of your Personal Information, you can: Log in to your PayPal account(s) or profile management portal, and delete any information that you've previously added. For example, you may delete your non-primary addresses in your settings. If you reside in the United States, Call or contact us  and request that we provide you with the data we’ve collected. For other countries, please refer to Our Contact Information . Close your PayPal account(s) or profile. If you close your PayPal account(s) or profile, delete, or request that we delete Personal Information, we still need to keep some Personal Information as explained in  How Long Do We Store Your Personal Information  so we can, where permitted by applicable law: Complete a transaction, provide goods or services you requested, or comply with our promises to you in the user agreement or other contract you have with us; Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, or illegal activity; Protect your (or another person’s) legal rights, including the right to free speech; Manage our internal business processes that are reasonably related to your expectations when using our Services; Comply with laws and other legal or governmental processes; and Other exempt purposes under applicable law. Your right to object to legitimate interest processing . Where applicable by law, if you want to object to our use of your Personal Information to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you can refer to Our Contact Information  of this Privacy Statement to contact us. See Our Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Information  for more information. Your right to withdraw your consent . If you want to withdraw consent to our use of your Personal Information in circumstances where we processed it with your consent, you can refer to Our Contact Information  of this Privacy Statement to contact us. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on a lawful processing ground other than consent. Your right to object to or opt out of Profiling in furtherance of Automated Decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects on you and related rights. As explained in AI and Automated Decision Making  we may use Automated Decision Making technology and Agentic AI Tools. In the United States, these are either exempt practices or do not trigger an opt-out right under applicable United States privacy laws. However, in other jurisdictions, individuals may exercise the right to seek a review of, or to object to and/or revoke consent for, an Automated Decision that has legal or similarly significant effects on them (together with the relevant Profiling), where this right exists, by contacting us . We will then review the decision, taking into account relevant additional circumstances. If you are not approved under the Automated Decisions, you may not have access to our services. PayPal has several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. If you have any concern about the outcome, you can contact us , and we will determine whether the procedure was performed appropriately. Your rights related to Sensitive Personal Information . Where required by law, we will obtain your consent before collecting and processing your Sensitive Personal Information. You can withdraw your consent by contacting us and refer to Our Contact Information  of this Privacy Statement. We will also only use your Sensitive Personal Information in accordance with the consent you have given or for certain permitted purposes to the extent permitted or exempt under applicable law, which is why it is not necessary to exercise a right to limit use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information under the United States privacy laws. Under the United States privacy laws, these permitted purposes include providing the goods or services you requested; preventing, detecting, and investigating security incidents; resisting malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions and prosecuting those responsible; verifying or maintaining the quality or safety of a product, service, or device; and ensuring physical safety of natural persons. The exemption we rely on for precise geolocation is based on the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Your rights related to disclosure of Personal Information to third-parties for direct marketing purposes : You may request certain details about how your Personal Information is disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes. In the United States, Call or contact us . Understanding your choices You can control how Personal Information is collected or disclosed, as well as how we communicate with you. Here are some of the ways you can customize your choices. Choose how we collect Personal Information You may choose to limit the Personal Information you provide when our apps or Services request it. To help make choices that are right for you, it’s important to understand that Personal Information helps us provide a richer, more personalized experience for you. Also, some Personal Information is required for our Services to function. For example, sharing your contacts helps make it easier for you to find the people you want to send money to. If you choose not to share your contacts with us, you can still use our mobile apps, but some actions may not be as fast or easy as it would be if you shared your contacts. Another example is creating an account or Fastlane profile with us. If you choose not to provide information that is required for an account or Fastlane profile to function, like your name and email address, we will not be able to create an account or Fastlane profile for you. Choose how linked accounts collect and use Personal Information If you link your account(s) to a third-party service, you may be able to manage how your Personal Information is collected, used, and shared by them. Read the third parties’ privacy policies to see the choices they offer you. You can control which third-party services you link to your account and what Personal Information they can collect about you. For example, to manage the permissions, go to the Security settings in your account(s). Choose what we disclose with other Users Some Personal Information may be seen by other Users. You may be able to adjust or turn off this setting in the Data and Privacy section in your account settings. Choose what we share with Partners and Merchants for Personalized Shopping Unless we are required to obtain your consent, we share Personal Information collected after November 27, 2024 (or from earlier if you consent) for personalized shopping experiences in the United States. Personal Information we disclose includes, for example, products, preferences, sizes, and styles we think you’ll like. To opt-out of Personal Information sharing with Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences, log into your PayPal account and edit your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting. If you opt-out, we will continue to disclose your Personal Information as necessary to complete transactions you initiate but will not disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences. Choose how we communicate with you Your choices about how we communicate with you differ depending on the purpose of the message, how it is delivered and other requirements under applicable law. Some messages are considered optional, and some are necessary for you to manage your accounts or Fastlane profile with us. We use email, text messages, push notifications on your mobile device, and even phone calls or paper mail depending on the situation, your preferences and applicable law. You can click the unsubscribe link in a PayPal, Hyperwallet, or Fastlane marketing email, opt-out of a text message by replying “STOP,” or turn off notifications on your device. You can also change your account’s notification settings or the notification preferences on your device. You won’t be able to opt-out of messages that are considered necessary for the Services, such as digital receipts and emails that alert you to changes in your account(s) or Fastlane profile's status. You may be able to decide how we send those messages, such as by email, phone, text message, or a notification on your mobile device. PayPal Privacy Statement How We Protect Your Personal Information How We Protect Your Personal Information We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Information against loss, misuse, interference, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and account or profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Information we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Information that we share with a third-party based on a linked account connection that you have authorized. PayPal Privacy Statement Whether Children May Use Our Services Whether Children May Use Our Services The Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Information, from children under the age of 18 or other individuals who are not legally allowed to use our Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Information from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data. Please contact us  if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services. PayPal Privacy Statement International Transfers of Personal Information International Transfers of Personal Information We operate in many countries, and we (or our service providers) may transfer your Personal Information and process it outside the country where you live. For example, we use third-party service providers to process and store your Personal Information in the United States and other countries. These countries do not always afford a level of privacy protection that is equivalent to the protection offered to Personal Information in your country. We have taken and will continue to take specific steps, in accordance with the applicable data protection and privacy laws, to protect your Personal Information (e.g., intra-company agreements, model contractual clauses, and/or derogations). By using our Sites and Services, where permitted under applicable privacy laws, you agree to your Personal Information being transferred to other countries, including countries that have different data protection rules than your country. PayPal Privacy Statement Definitions Definitions 
 Automated Decision and Automated Decision Making refers to the process of making a decision by automated means without or limited human involvement, depending on applicable law. In some cases, these decisions could have a legal or similarly significant effect on you as an individual. These terms also mean like concepts under applicable laws. 
 Cookies means tracking technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets. 
 Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type, your device’s network connections, your device’s name, your device IP address, information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Services, geolocation information, and information about apps downloaded to your device. 
 Excluded Services means companies or separate brands, affiliates, or subsidiaries of PayPal, who process Personal Information in accordance with their own terms of service and separate privacy statements. Examples include Venmo, Honey Science LLC, Chargehound LLC, Paidy Inc., Simility, Swift Financial LLC, and Bill Me Later, Inc. 
 Fastlane means the online tool whereby individuals can store their payment methods and other Personal Information with PayPal so that they can complete the checkout process faster, create a store or loyalty account, or facilitate other transactions at participating Partners and Merchants with payment card, contact information, shipping data or other data they save in their Fastlane profile as relevant to the specific interaction, participating Partners and Merchants, all without having to manually input payment method details and other Personal Information each time they check out. 
 Hyperwallet means the PayPal technology and online service that allows payout capabilities for businesses of all shapes and sizes through a single integration. 
 Partners and Merchants means our partners and the merchants, partners or businesses that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services. 
 Pay without a PayPal Account means our Services may be accessed by individuals without using a PayPal account, a Fastlane profile, or the Unbranded Payment Services. Pay without a PayPal account does not include Venmo, which is subject to its own terms of service and separate privacy statement. 
 Personal Information 
 in this Privacy Statement means any information that directly or indirectly identifies you or is reasonably capable of being associated with you or your household information about you, including your identity, finances and online behavior, or such broader meanings as given under the definitions of personal information, personal data, personally identifiable information, or other like terms under applicable privacy laws. 
 Profiling means analysis of an individual’s personality, behavior, interest and habits to make predictions or decisions about them, including like terms under applicable laws. 
 Services refers to all PayPal-branded or unbranded payment, financial, and personalization products and solutions, including transactions, rewards, advertising (including PayPal Ads), PayPal Groups, Fastlane, Xoom, Pool, Hyperwallet, credit and financing (including Partner and Merchant offerings), merchant tools, and emerging financial technologies (including Fastlane), with the exception of Excluded Services. It also includes all related websites, platforms, applications, and future innovations offered or supported by PayPal. Your use of Services includes interaction with our Sites. 
 Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social network platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement. 
 Unbranded Payment Services means when you are interacting with and making payments to Partners and Merchants using our card processing and/or ACH origination services that do not carry the PayPal brand or when you use our Braintree services. 
 Users means other account holders and non-account holders of the PayPal Services. 
 PayPal Privacy Statement Our Contact Information Our Contact Information If you have questions about this Privacy Statement or your Personal Information, contact us so we can help. To talk about your PayPal account or Unbranded Payment Services: 
 • Call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161; or 
 • Visit our Customer Service web portal . 
 To talk about your Hyperwallet account: 
 • Call Hyperwallet Customer Service at 1-877-546-8220; or 
 • Log into the Hyperwallet Pay Portal (Go to “Support,” select “Email” and complete the form for “Privacy Concerns”). 
 To talk about your Fastlane profile: 
 • Call PayPal Customer Service at 1-844-705-3555; or 
 • Visit your Fastlane profile management portal . 
 To talk about your Xoom account: 
 • Call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531; or 
 • Visit our Help Center web portal . 
 Please see the table below for additional information relevant to your local country/region. You may lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority for data protection in your region if permitted under applicable law. 
 Country or Region Data Protection Officer (" DPO "), and Contact Information Albania PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449 Luxembourg Contact Online  for Privacy queries Argentina PayPal Pte. Ltd. 5 Temasek Boulevard 09-01 Suntec Tower 5 Singapore 038985 Contact Online  for Privacy queries Australia PayPal Australia Pty Ltd ABN 93 111 195 389, AFSL 304962 GPO Box 351 Sydney NSW 2001 Contact Online  for Privacy queries Brazil PayPal do Brasil Instituição de Pagamento Ltda. Attention: Legal Department Avenida Paulista, 1048 13th Floor, CEP 01310-100 Sio Paulo, SP – Brazil Contact Online  for Privacy queries Brunei PayPal Pte. Ltd. 5 Temasek Boulevard 09-01, Suntec Tower 5 Singapore 038985 Contact Online  for Privacy queries Canada PayPal Canada Co. MaRS Centre West Tower 661 University Avenue Suite 506 Toronto, ON M5G Contact Online  for Privacy queries EU PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg Contact Online  for Privacy queries Hong Kong PayPal Pte. Ltd. 5 Temasek Boulevard 09-01 Suntec Tower 5 Singapore 038985 Contact Online  for Privacy queries India PayPal Payments Private Limited 5 Temasek Boulevard 09-01 Suntec Tower 5 Singapore 038985 Contact Online  for Privacy queries Israel PayPal Pte. Ltd. 5 Temasek Boulevard 09-01 Suntec Tower 5 Singapore 038985 Contact Online  for Privacy queries Japan PayPal Pte. Ltd. 5 Temasek Boulevard 09-01 Suntec Tower 5 Singapore 038985 Contact Online  for Privacy queries South Korea PayPal Pte. Ltd. 5 Temasek Boulevard 09-01 Suntec Tower 5 Singapore 038985 Contact Online  for Privacy queries Pursuant to the Personal Information Protection Act and the Network Act, the contact details of the domestic agent and Data Protection Office are as follows: Name and representative: PayPal Korea Services LLC (representative: Mun Yat Wong) Address, telephone and e-mail: Regus Samsungdong Limited (World Trade Center), 27th, 30th Floor, Trade Tower, 511 Young Dong Street, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea 06164, (+82) 02 737 5775,   skrprivacy@paypal.com Malaysia PayPal Pte. Ltd. 5 Temasek Boulevard 09-01, Suntec Tower 5 Singapore 038985 Contact Online  for Privacy queries Mexico Operadora PayPal de México, S. de R.L. de C.V Avenida General Mariano Escobedo 476, 14th Floor, Colonia Nueva Anzures, Miguel Hidalgo, Mexico City, Mexico 11590 Contact Online  for Privacy queries Norway PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg Contact Online  for Privacy queries Iceland PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg Contact Online  for Privacy queries Lichtenstein PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg Contact Online  for Privacy queries Philippines PayPal Pte. Ltd. 5 Temasek Boulevard 09-01, Suntec Tower 5 Singapore 038985 Contact Online  f