 Terms of Service | Salesforce 
 Skip to content 
 Products Back Products All Products Agentforce Back Agentforce Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore Agentforce How Agentforce works Why Agentforce? Agentforce Builder Agentforce Voice Agentforce Dev Tools AgentExchange Agentforce Operations Customer Stories Use Cases Agentforce Pricing Sales Back Sales Boost pipeline, win rate, and revenue with Sales Cloud. See all sales solutions Sales Force Automation Sales AI Sales Agents Sales Performance Management Partner Cloud Revenue Lifecycle Management CPQ Sales Pricing Service Back Service Cut service costs with humans & AI agents on one platform.
 See all service solutions Customer Service Management Field Service and Operations Contact Center IT Service Service Portal Service Analytics Customer Service AI HR Service Service Pricing Marketing Back Marketing Personalize every moment of engagement across the customer lifecycle with AI agents, actionable data, and workflows. See all marketing solutions Marketing AI Email Marketing, Mobile, & Advertising B2B Marketing Automation Personalization Marketing Analytics Customer Data Platform Loyalty Management Small Business Marketing Marketing Pricing Commerce Back Commerce Increase revenue and deliver consistent customer experiences across online, in-store, and mobile channels with Commerce Cloud. See all commerce solutions B2C Commerce B2B Commerce Order Management Commerce AI Payments Commerce Innovations Point of Sale Commerce Pricing Analytics Back Analytics Empower every user, in every industry to transform trusted data into actionable insights, wherever they work. Explore analytics solutions Tableau Next Tableau Semantics Tableau CRM Analytics Data Culture Analytics Pricing Slack Back Slack Bring your people, agents data, apps and Salesforce solutions to where work happens in Slack. Learn about Slack and Salesforce AI-Powered Productivity Slackbot Slack Platform Salesforce in Slack Agentforce in Slack Salesforce channels Pricing CRM Small Business Back Small Business Find more customers, win their business, and keep them happy with tools that help you work smarter, not harder. Explore small business solutions Free Suite Starter Suite Pro Suite Marketing Sales Service Commerce Productivity with Slack Small Business Pricing Data Back Data Bring together, understand, and act on all your data, from any source. Explore Data 360 How Data 360 Works How Connectivity Works Data Security & Privacy Connectors Directory Analytics Platform Back Agentforce 360 Platform Build and customize your Agentforce and Customer 360 with the Agentforce 360 Platform. See all platform capabilities Agentforce Artificial Intelligence Agentforce & AI App Development Data Security & Privacy Informatica Analytics MuleSoft Flow Automation Heroku Net Zero Back Net Zero Sustainability, simplified with Agentforce. See all Net Zero solutions Agentforce for Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Marketplace Net Zero Pricing Customer Success Back Customer Success Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Professional Services Plans & Services Pricing Customer Success Awards Partners and AgentExchange Back Partners and AgentExchange Connect with agents, apps, and experts that help you build, launch, and grow your business. About our partners AgentExchange (formerly AppExchange) Partner Agents Partner Apps Slack Solutions Implementation Partners Partner Program Pricing Back Pricing Find pricing options for each Salesforce product. See all product pricing Flex Credit Calculator Enter your company’s specific needs and receive custom pricing details. Product Support Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Industries Back Industries Automotive Back Automotive Drive a lifetime of loyalty. Explore automotive solutions OEM Dealer/Retailers Captive Software-Defined Vehicle (SDV) Automotive Cloud Automotive Pricing Communications Back Communications Deliver the connected future, faster. Explore communications solutions Unify the Telecom Customer Journey Accelerate Communication Sales Simplify Wholesale Transactions Light Up Fiber Experiences Fulfill the Perfect Order Optimize Telecom Customer Service Communications Cloud Communications Cloud Pricing Construction & Real Estate Back Engineering, Construction & Real Estate Achieve operational excellence. Explore engineering, construction, and real estate solutions Real Estate Engineering & Construction Residential & Commercial Services Consumer Goods Back Consumer Goods Deliver profitable growth. Explore consumer goods solutions Fast-Moving Consumer Goods Home Durables Distributors Apparel, Footwear, and Accessories Beauty Consumer Goods Cloud Consumer Goods Cloud Pricing Education Back Education Deliver connected education journeys for life on the #1 AI CRM.​ Explore education solutions Recruitment & Admissions Academic Operations Student Success Advancement & Alumni Relations Communications, Marketing, and Engagement Lifelong Learning K-12 Education Cloud Education Cloud Pricing Energy & Utilities Back Energy & Utilities Lead the energy transition. Explore energy & utilities solutions Power & Utilities Oil & Gas Energy & Utilities Cloud Energy & Utilities Cloud Pricing Financial Services Back Financial Services Empower your customers’ financial success with trusted AI. Explore financial services solutions Agentforce for Financial Services Financial Services Cloud Financial Services Cloud Pricing Healthcare Back Healthcare Accelerate outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Health. Explore healthcare solutions Provider Payer Public Sector Health Health Cloud Health Cloud Pricing Life Sciences Back Life Sciences Improve clinical and commercial outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Life Sciences. Explore life sciences solutions Pharma MedTech Life Sciences Cloud Life Sciences Cloud Pricing Manufacturing Back Manufacturing Connect the value chain. Explore manufacturing solutions Modernize Commercial Operations Transform the Service Experience Simplify Partner Engagement Manufacturing Cloud Manufacturing Cloud Pricing Media Back Media Cultivate loyal audiences faster. Explore media solutions Accelerate Advertising Sales Automate Media and Entertainment Processes Grow Subscriber Relationships Maximize Audience Engagement Streamline Production and Operations Media Cloud Media Cloud Pricing Nonprofit Back Nonprofit Build relationships that drive change. Explore nonprofit solutions Fundraising Marketing and Engagement Program and Outcome Management IT Operations for Nonprofit Grantmaking Volunteer Management Nonprofit Cloud Nonprofit Cloud Pricing Professional Services Back Professional Services Increase client trust. Explore professional services solutions Accounting, Tax, and Audit Consulting Staffing and Recruiting Legal Public Sector Back Public Sector Modernize government service. Explore public sector solutions Federal/National State and Local Defense and National Security Government Cloud Public Sector Solutions Government Cloud Pricing Public Sector Apps Pricing Retail Back Retail Smarter retail starts with Salesforce. Explore retail solutions Fashion Restaurants Grocery, Drug, and Convenience Stores Mass Merchants and Department Stores Technology Back Technology Drive cost-efficient growth with intelligent automated processes. Explore technology solutions Unlock Partner Growth Drive Recurring Revenue Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Back Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Deliver connected experiences.
 Explore travel, transportation, and hospitality experiences Travel Transportation and Logistics Hospitality See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Customers Back Customers Customer Stories Back Customer Stories Explore success stories from customers of all sizes, in every industry.
 See all stories Tableau Stories MuleSoft Stories Slack Stories Heroku Stories Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Back Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Explore success stories of how Salesforce uses our own technology to run every part of our business. See all stories Trailblazer Stories Back Trailblazer Stories Meet the innovators driving business impact and building successful careers with Salesforce. See all stories Trailblazer Series Trailblazer 360 Blog Be a Trailblazer Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Events Back Events Dreamforce Back Dreamforce Join us September 15-17 in San Francisco and on Salesforce+ to experience the Agentic Enterprise — powered by you, amplified by agents. Register now Why Dreamforce Hear from AI visionaries, learn through hands-on training, and explore real customer use cases — all in one place. Sessions Explore 1,600+ sessions covering every industry, role, and product, designed to help you solve any business challenge. FAQs Find answers to all your event questions about registration, travel, and onsite tips. TDX Back TDX Relive the innovation and inspiration of TDX 2026 with on-demand keynotes, sessions, and highlights available anytime on Salesforce+. Learn more Save the date for TDX 2027 Sign up today for an exclusive low price, speaker announcements, and a sneak peek at the deep technical sessions and hands-on workshops. TDX 2026 Main Keynote Discover how to build your Agentic Enterprise with Salesforce and unlock the power of humans and agents driving customer success together. Best of TDX 2026 Explore the biggest announcements, launches, and innovations from TDX 2026. Connections Back Connections Join us at the marketing event of the year, where bold marketers and breakthrough agents come together to drive big impact. Register now Why Attend Discover how Connections helps you lead with experiences that adapt to every customer, and gives you the tools to become an Agentic Enterprise. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Connections experience.  Tableau Conference Back Tableau Conference Join us at the data and analytics event of the year, where AI, analytics, and trusted data come together to power better decisions. Register now Why Attend Discover how Tableau Conference helps you turn data into action. Learn what’s new, sharpen your skills, and connect with the global Tableau community shaping the future of analytics. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Tableau Conference experience. Informatica World Back Informatica World Join us at Informatica World to ignite your data strategy, unlock AI’s full potential, and lead your organization into the future.
 Register now Sessions Browse sessions designed to advance your AI-ready data journey, from keynotes to hands-on deep dives. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, and how to make the most of your experience. Agentforce World Tours Back Agentforce World Tours Join us in cities around the world to experience the latest Salesforce innovations in apps, data, and agents. Connect with leaders and experts from your industry at an Agentforce World Tour near you. Learn more Find an Agentforce World Tour in a city near you Browse current Agentforce World Tour events, or sign up today to be the first to know when one is coming to a city near you Agentforce World Tour New York Explore 140+ expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings featuring Dreamforce’s boldest launches. All in one day, all for free. Agentforce World Tour Chicago Experience the Dreamforce innovations that power Agentic Enterprises with expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings. All in one day, all for free. Salesforce+ Back Salesforce+ Fuel your professional growth and transform your company with our free live streaming and on-demand events. Visit Salesforce+ Watch Dreamforce On-Demand Stream the world’s largest, most trusted technology event. Agentforce and AI Join us to learn how AI agents are driving customer success. Data, Analytics, and Integration Explore data and AI demos, trainings, and release announcements. My List Save inspiring content to watch later. More Salesforce Events Back More Salesforce Events Dive into highlights from past events and explore on-demand content for every role and industry. See all events Webinars Join live webinars or listen to on-demand webinars at any time. Community Led Learn from peers, build your Salesforce network, and give back to the community. Customer Success Events Build product knowledge and get implementation and adoption guidance from Salesforce experts. Developer Events Learn and get hands-on the with the latest product innovations. Local User Groups Join groups to meet, collaborate, and learn new skills with Trailblazers. Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Learning Back Learning Learning on Trailhead Back Learning on Trailhead Skill up for the future from anywhere with Trailhead, our free, online learning platform. Explore Trailhead Trails Explore guided learning paths to quickly learn in-demand skills. Expert-led Learning Accelerate learning with access to Salesforce experts. Salesforce Certification Earn resume-worthy Salesforce credentials. Career Paths Find your career in the Salesforce ecosystem. Salesforce Academic Programs Discover free curriculum and resources for students and educators. Try Salesforce for Free Back Try Salesforce for Free Explore free trial offers for Salesforce data, analytics, and CRM products — for any size business, in any industry. Get started Starter Suite The marketing, sales, service, and commerce tools you need to succeed — all in a single CRM suite. Developer Edition Build enterprise-quality apps fast and get hands-on with Agentforce and Data Cloud. New to Salesforce Back New to Salesforce Salesforce is the #1 AI CRM, with AI agents, data, and CRM apps on a single, unified platform. Learn more about Salesforce What is CRM? Learn all about what CRM is, what it does, and how it can improve customer relationships. What is Customer 360? Salesforce’s category-leading apps for sales, service, marketing, commerce, IT, and more. What are AI agents? Learn more about AI agents and how they can help your business. What is Agentforce? It’s always-on digital labor augmenting every employee, department, and business process to improve customer experiences. Blogs Back Blogs Discover tips and insights from experts to supercharge your digital journey. Explore all blogs The 360 Blog Get the latest on AI, data, digital labor, and more. AI Research Blog Keep up with Salesforce’s AI research team and stay on the cutting edge of technology. Developer Blog Get the latest tooling innovation news, insights, and inspiration. Salesblazer Grow your career with the latest in sales content, training, and events — all part of the world’s leading sales community. Resources Back Resources Find free articles, guides, best practices, research, and more. Explore all resources Analyst Reports Read the latest studies and reports from the world’s best-known business analysts. Partners Explore industry-leading Salesforce partner apps and experts. Developer Documentation Get developer guides, tutorials, sample code, and API references. Newsletter Sign up to receive the latest Salesforce tips and insights, tailored just for you. Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Support Back Support Help & Documentation Back Help & Documentation Need help? Ask Agentforce. Find documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more – all the support you need, wherever you need it. Ask Agentforce on Salesforce Help Known Issues Find up-to-date information and status about our technology bugs and workarounds. Developer Documentation Find tutorials, sample code, developer guides, and API references. Architecture Center Explore diagrams, decision guides, and resources to build trusted, easy, and adaptable solutions. Communities Back Communities Meet people, learn skills, find apps and experts, and share feedback by joining Salesforce communities. Explore communities Trailblazer Community Connect with peers to learn skills and grow. Slack Community Connect with Slack end users, admins, and developers. MuleSoft Community Connect with MuleSoft developers, architects and business users. Tableau Community Connect with Tableau analysts, admins, developers and business users. Partner Community Collaborate, learn, and manage your partner business. IdeaExchange Help us build the Salesforce roadmap by sharing your feedback. Services & Plans Back Services & Plans Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Get the right level of support and guidance to grow your business. Professional Services Implement, innovate, and transform your enterprise with help from Salesforce experts. Account Management Back Account Management Manage your Salesforce subscriptions and contracts. Explore Your Account features. Your Account App Make payments, buy products, and manage renewals (Salesforce login required). Billing Portal Access invoices and make payments (Trailblazer ID login required). Digital Wallet Track and manage consumption with near-real time usage data. Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Company Back Company About Salesforce Back About Salesforce Learn about our history, products, and values. See our story What Is Salesforce? Leadership Global Offices Salesforce Swag Store Salesforce Ventures Investor Relations Our Values Back Our Values We are guided by our values and strive to do well in business while doing good in our communities. See what drives us Trust Customer success Innovation Equality Sustainability Our Impact Back Our Impact Business is the greatest platform for change. We use the full power of Salesforce to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders. Learn about our Impact initiatives Equality Accessibility Sustainability Philanthropy Ethical and Humane Use Public Policy Careers Back Careers Start a new journey with us – a career here at Salesforce. See all careers University Recruiting News Back Newsroom Stay informed with the latest news and announcements, fresh off the press. Visit the newsroom Analyst Reports Quarter in Review Legal Back Legal Find answers to your questions about Salesforce agreement terms, policies, intellectual property, corporate governance and compliance for customers, employees, partners and suppliers. See legal For Customers For Partners and Alliances For Suppliers Terms of Service TMCU Guidelines DMCA Privacy Info Compliance Product Accessibility Status Governance More Salesforce Brands Back More Salesforce Brands Explore the Salesforce brands delivering success now. See our brands Slack Tableau MuleSoft Informatica Heroku Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Contact Us Back Contact Us Contact Us ‍ Change Region Back Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) ‍ Contact Us Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Change Region ‍ Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Start for free Start for free 
 Terms of Service
 Welcome to Salesforce. We’re glad you’re here, and we hope you enjoy everything we have to offer. Please read these Terms carefully because they are a binding agreement between You and Salesforce, Inc. (“Salesforce” or “We”). 
 These Terms govern your use of the websites that link to these Terms. In these Terms, the word “Sites” refers to each of these websites and the services offered on those Sites, including but not limited to any AI Agents. You automatically agree to these Terms and to our Privacy Statement simply by using or logging into the Sites. Please note that we offer many services. Your use of Salesforce products or services are provided by Salesforce pursuant to a separate manually or digitally accepted agreement. 
 Terms Governance
 A. Your Accounts 
 You may be required to create an account and specify a password in order to use certain services or features on the Sites. To create an account, you must be at least 18 years old and you must provide truthful and accurate information about yourself. Don’t try to impersonate anyone else when you create your account. If your information changes at any time, please update your account to reflect those changes. In some cases, an account may be assigned to you by an administrator, such as your employer or educational institution. If you are using or logging into an account assigned to you by an administrator, additional terms may apply to your use of the Sites. Moreover, your administrator may be able to access or disable your account without our involvement. You may not share your account with anyone else. Please keep your password confidential, and try not to use it on other websites. If you believe that your account has been compromised at any time, please notify your system administrator. 
 B. Success Community
 Please note that if you register for Dreamforce, log into the Help & Training portal, the AppExchange, Success Community or Partner Community on our Sites and don’t already have a Success Community Account, we will automatically create a Success Community Account for you. The personal information (such as name, company information, photos etc.) that may be collected during the course of registering for Dreamforce, logging into the Help & Training portal, the AppExchange, Success Community or Partner Community sites may be used or shared with our group companies or our agents for the purpose of improving quality of our services. If you request information about or access those partners’ products or services on the AppExchange you agree to have your personal information shared with Salesforce partners for marketing purposes. The Success Community is a free site created for Salesforce customers, partners, prospects, and attendees of certain events. The Success Community is subject to the Event Terms of Service and the Success Community Terms, including the Success Community Participation Guidelines. Please read those carefully. Your first name and last name may be displayed on your Success Community account, which is visible to other members of the Success Community. Your Success Community account is for your use only and cannot be shared or used by anyone else. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Success Community username and password, and are entirely responsible for any and all activities under your Success Community account. You agree to notify Salesforce immediately of any unauthorized use or any other breach of security involving your username and password or account. Salesforce will not be liable for any loss incurred as a result of an unauthorized use of a username/password or account. You acknowledge and agree that the Success Community and other similar forums are public spaces and that your participation in such communities creates no expectation of privacy. Further, you acknowledge that any Content you communicate in a community may be seen and used by others. You understand that our staff, outside contributors, or other users connected with us may participate in communities or other aspects of the Sites and may employ anonymous user names when doing so. IF YOU CHOOSE TO MAKE ANY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OTHER CONTENT PUBLICLY AVAILABLE IN A COMMUNITY OR OTHERWISE ON OR THROUGH THE SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK. 
 C. AI Agents
 The AI Agent(s) made available on the Sites (the “Agents”) are designed to provide helpful information, answer common questions, and offer support related to Salesforce based on available knowledge. 
 While the Agents may help you better understand certain documents that form part of your agreement(s) with Salesforce, the information provided is for informational purposes only and is non-binding and is not a substitute for any type of professional advice. For contractually binding rights and obligations please refer directly to your agreement(s) and the original referenced sources therein. 
 We strive for accuracy, but AI is fallible; the Agents may occasionally provide incorrect, outdated, or incomplete information. Please verify critical details independently before making decisions. If you need authoritative guidance, please consult a qualified professional or refer to the official documentation. 
 D. Modifications and Termination 
 We reserve the right to modify our Sites at any time, with or without notice to you. For example, we may add or remove functionality or features, and we may suspend or stop a particular feature altogether. We also reserve the right to charge a fee for any of our features at any time. If you don’t like any changes, you can stop using our Sites at any time. 
 E. Content You Post or Submit
 We may provide opportunities for you to post text, photographs, videos, or other content (collectively, “Content”) on the Sites, including Content you submit to an Agent. You can only post Content if you own all the rights to that Content, or if another rights holder has given you permission. You do not transfer ownership of your Content simply by posting or submitting it. However, by posting or submitting Content, you grant us, our agents, licensees, and assigns an irrevocable, perpetual (non-exclusive) right and permission to reproduce, encode, store, copy, transmit, publish, post, broadcast, display, publicly perform, adapt, modify, create derivative works of, exhibit, and otherwise use your Content. Without those rights, we couldn’t offer our services. Please note that this license continues even if you stop using our Sites. You agree to indemnify, release, and hold us harmless from any and all liability, claims, actions, loss, harm, damage, injury, cost or expense arising out of any Content you post or submit. Keep in mind that if you send us any information, ideas, suggestions, or other communications to us, those communications will not be confidential. Moreover, unless we tell you otherwise, we reserve the right to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such communications without any obligation to you. 
 F. Content Posted by Others 
 We are not responsible for, and do not endorse, Content posted by any other person. Accordingly, we may not be held liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage caused to you in connection with any Content posted by another member. 
 G. Your Use of the Sites 
 Please do not use the Sites in a way that violates any laws, infringes on anyone’s rights, is offensive, or interferes with the Sites or any features on the Sites (including any technological measures we employ to enforce these Terms). It should be common sense, so we won’t bore you with a list of things you shouldn’t do. But if we (in our sole discretion) determine that you have acted inappropriately, we reserve the right to take down Content, terminate your account, prohibit you from using the Sites, and take appropriate legal actions. Using our Site does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights to the content you access. You may not use content from our Sites unless you obtain permission from us or its owner, or unless you are otherwise permitted by law. When you use a Site or send communications to us through a Site, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive electronically any communications related to your use of a Site. We may communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the Site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that are provided to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. All notices from us intended for receipt by you shall be deemed delivered and effective when sent to the email address you provide to us. Please note that by submitting Content, creating a user account or otherwise providing us with your email address, postal address or phone number, you are agreeing that we or our agents may contact you at that address or number in a manner consistent with our Privacy Statement. 
 H. Intellectual Property 
 If you believe any Content on the Site infringes your copyrights, you may request that we remove the Content from the Sites (or disable access to that Content) by following the instructions on this page . You can find our Trademark and Copyright Usage Guidelines on this page . 
 I. Social Networks 
 The Sites may include features that operate in conjunction with certain third party social networking websites that you visit such as Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Vimeo, and X (“Social Network Features”). While your use of the Social Network Features is governed by these Terms, your access and use of third party social networking sites and the services provided through the Sites is governed by the terms of service and other agreements posted on these Sites. You are responsible for ensuring that your use of those sites complies with any applicable terms of service or other agreements. 
 J. Our Warranties and Disclaimers 
 We provide our Sites using a commercially reasonable level of care and promise to do our best to make sure you enjoy the Sites. But there are certain things that we don’t promise about our Sites. OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, NEITHER SALESFORCE, INC. NOR ITS AGENTS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS (THE “SERVICES ENTITIES”) MAKE ANY SPECIFIC PROMISES ABOUT THE SITES. FOR EXAMPLE, WE DON’T MAKE ANY COMMITMENTS ABOUT THE CONTENT WITHIN THE SITES, THE SPECIFIC FUNCTION OF THE SITES, OR THEIR RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, OR ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS. WE PROVIDE THE SITES “AS IS”. SOME JURISDICTIONS PROVIDE FOR CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIKE THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES. 
 K. Liability for our Services 
 EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED, THE SERVICES ENTITIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITES OR ANY THIRD PARTY’S USE OF THE SITES. THESE EXCLUSIONS INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, COMPUTER FAILURE, OR THE VIOLATION OF YOUR RIGHTS BY ANY THIRD PARTY, EVEN IF THE SERVICES ENTITIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF AND REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED. 
 L. Additional Details 
 We may modify these Terms at any time so be sure to check back regularly. By continuing to use or log in to a Site after these Terms have changed, you indicate your agreement to the revised Terms. If you do not agree to the changes, you should stop using or logging in to the Sites. The Sites may contain links to third-party websites. That doesn’t mean that we control or endorse those websites, or any goods or services sold on those websites. Similarly, the Sites may contain ads from third-parties. We do not control or endorse any products being advertised. If you do not comply with these Terms, and we don’t take action right away, this doesn’t mean we’re OK with what you did, or we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking action in the future). These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of California, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. You expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or dispute under these Terms and or your use of the Sites resides in the courts located in San Francisco, California, and you further expressly agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action. If it turns out that a particular provision in these Terms is not enforceable, that will not affect any other provision. 
 Salesforce accepts and responds to any requests such as disclosure, correction, addition, or deletion and veto of use or provision of personal information (the “Disclosure Requests”) from the person who provided his/her personal information. For detailed procedures of disclosure request, please refer to the Salesforce’s Basic Personal Information Protection Policy ( https://www.salesforce.com/jp/company/legal/privacy/personal-information-protection-jp/ ). Contact for inquiries regarding Personal Information Handling: (Japan Chief Privacy Officer) privacymark@salesforce.com These terms were last updated on April 8, 2025. 
 Questions? Get in Touch. 
 Ask about Salesforce products, pricing, implementation, or anything else. Our highly trained reps are standing by, ready to help. 
 Contact us 
 