 Salesforce Privacy Information | Salesforce 
 Skip to content 
 Products Back Products All Products Agentforce Back Agentforce Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore Agentforce How Agentforce works Why Agentforce? Agentforce Builder Agentforce Voice Agentforce Dev Tools AgentExchange Agentforce Operations Customer Stories Use Cases Agentforce Pricing Sales Back Sales Boost pipeline, win rate, and revenue with Sales Cloud. See all sales solutions Sales Force Automation Sales AI Sales Agents Sales Performance Management Partner Cloud Revenue Lifecycle Management CPQ Sales Pricing Service Back Service Cut service costs with humans & AI agents on one platform.
 See all service solutions Customer Service Management Field Service and Operations Contact Center IT Service Service Portal Service Analytics Customer Service AI HR Service Service Pricing Marketing Back Marketing Personalize every moment of engagement across the customer lifecycle with AI agents, actionable data, and workflows. See all marketing solutions Marketing AI Email Marketing, Mobile, & Advertising B2B Marketing Automation Personalization Marketing Analytics Customer Data Platform Loyalty Management Small Business Marketing Marketing Pricing Commerce Back Commerce Increase revenue and deliver consistent customer experiences across online, in-store, and mobile channels with Commerce Cloud. See all commerce solutions B2C Commerce B2B Commerce Order Management Commerce AI Payments Commerce Innovations Point of Sale Commerce Pricing Analytics Back Analytics Empower every user, in every industry to transform trusted data into actionable insights, wherever they work. Explore analytics solutions Tableau Next Tableau Semantics Tableau CRM Analytics Data Culture Analytics Pricing Slack Back Slack Bring your people, agents data, apps and Salesforce solutions to where work happens in Slack. Learn about Slack and Salesforce AI-Powered Productivity Slackbot Slack Platform Salesforce in Slack Agentforce in Slack Salesforce channels Pricing CRM Small Business Back Small Business Find more customers, win their business, and keep them happy with tools that help you work smarter, not harder. Explore small business solutions Free Suite Starter Suite Pro Suite Marketing Sales Service Commerce Productivity with Slack Small Business Pricing Data Back Data Bring together, understand, and act on all your data, from any source. Explore Data 360 How Data 360 Works How Connectivity Works Data Security & Privacy Connectors Directory Analytics Platform Back Agentforce 360 Platform Build and customize your Agentforce and Customer 360 with the Agentforce 360 Platform. See all platform capabilities Agentforce Artificial Intelligence Agentforce & AI App Development Data Security & Privacy Informatica Analytics MuleSoft Flow Automation Heroku Net Zero Back Net Zero Sustainability, simplified with Agentforce. See all Net Zero solutions Agentforce for Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Marketplace Net Zero Pricing Customer Success Back Customer Success Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Professional Services Plans & Services Pricing Customer Success Awards Partners and AgentExchange Back Partners and AgentExchange Connect with agents, apps, and experts that help you build, launch, and grow your business. About our partners AgentExchange (formerly AppExchange) Partner Agents Partner Apps Slack Solutions Implementation Partners Partner Program Pricing Back Pricing Find pricing options for each Salesforce product. See all product pricing Flex Credit Calculator Enter your company’s specific needs and receive custom pricing details. Product Support Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Industries Back Industries Automotive Back Automotive Drive a lifetime of loyalty. Explore automotive solutions OEM Dealer/Retailers Captive Software-Defined Vehicle (SDV) Automotive Cloud Automotive Pricing Communications Back Communications Deliver the connected future, faster. Explore communications solutions Unify the Telecom Customer Journey Accelerate Communication Sales Simplify Wholesale Transactions Light Up Fiber Experiences Fulfill the Perfect Order Optimize Telecom Customer Service Communications Cloud Communications Cloud Pricing Construction & Real Estate Back Engineering, Construction & Real Estate Achieve operational excellence. Explore engineering, construction, and real estate solutions Real Estate Engineering & Construction Residential & Commercial Services Consumer Goods Back Consumer Goods Deliver profitable growth. Explore consumer goods solutions Fast-Moving Consumer Goods Home Durables Distributors Apparel, Footwear, and Accessories Beauty Consumer Goods Cloud Consumer Goods Cloud Pricing Education Back Education Deliver connected education journeys for life on the #1 AI CRM.​ Explore education solutions Recruitment & Admissions Academic Operations Student Success Advancement & Alumni Relations Communications, Marketing, and Engagement Lifelong Learning K-12 Education Cloud Education Cloud Pricing Energy & Utilities Back Energy & Utilities Lead the energy transition. Explore energy & utilities solutions Power & Utilities Oil & Gas Energy & Utilities Cloud Energy & Utilities Cloud Pricing Financial Services Back Financial Services Empower your customers’ financial success with trusted AI. Explore financial services solutions Agentforce for Financial Services Financial Services Cloud Financial Services Cloud Pricing Healthcare Back Healthcare Accelerate outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Health. Explore healthcare solutions Provider Payer Public Sector Health Health Cloud Health Cloud Pricing Life Sciences Back Life Sciences Improve clinical and commercial outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Life Sciences. Explore life sciences solutions Pharma MedTech Life Sciences Cloud Life Sciences Cloud Pricing Manufacturing Back Manufacturing Connect the value chain. Explore manufacturing solutions Modernize Commercial Operations Transform the Service Experience Simplify Partner Engagement Manufacturing Cloud Manufacturing Cloud Pricing Media Back Media Cultivate loyal audiences faster. Explore media solutions Accelerate Advertising Sales Automate Media and Entertainment Processes Grow Subscriber Relationships Maximize Audience Engagement Streamline Production and Operations Media Cloud Media Cloud Pricing Nonprofit Back Nonprofit Build relationships that drive change. Explore nonprofit solutions Fundraising Marketing and Engagement Program and Outcome Management IT Operations for Nonprofit Grantmaking Volunteer Management Nonprofit Cloud Nonprofit Cloud Pricing Professional Services Back Professional Services Increase client trust. Explore professional services solutions Accounting, Tax, and Audit Consulting Staffing and Recruiting Legal Public Sector Back Public Sector Modernize government service. Explore public sector solutions Federal/National State and Local Defense and National Security Government Cloud Public Sector Solutions Government Cloud Pricing Public Sector Apps Pricing Retail Back Retail Smarter retail starts with Salesforce. Explore retail solutions Fashion Restaurants Grocery, Drug, and Convenience Stores Mass Merchants and Department Stores Technology Back Technology Drive cost-efficient growth with intelligent automated processes. Explore technology solutions Unlock Partner Growth Drive Recurring Revenue Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Back Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Deliver connected experiences.
 Explore travel, transportation, and hospitality experiences Travel Transportation and Logistics Hospitality See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Customers Back Customers Customer Stories Back Customer Stories Explore success stories from customers of all sizes, in every industry.
 See all stories Tableau Stories MuleSoft Stories Slack Stories Heroku Stories Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Back Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Explore success stories of how Salesforce uses our own technology to run every part of our business. See all stories Trailblazer Stories Back Trailblazer Stories Meet the innovators driving business impact and building successful careers with Salesforce. See all stories Trailblazer Series Trailblazer 360 Blog Be a Trailblazer Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Events Back Events Dreamforce Back Dreamforce Join us September 15-17 in San Francisco and on Salesforce+ to experience the Agentic Enterprise — powered by you, amplified by agents. Register now Why Dreamforce Hear from AI visionaries, learn through hands-on training, and explore real customer use cases — all in one place. Sessions Explore 1,600+ sessions covering every industry, role, and product, designed to help you solve any business challenge. FAQs Find answers to all your event questions about registration, travel, and onsite tips. TDX Back TDX Relive the innovation and inspiration of TDX 2026 with on-demand keynotes, sessions, and highlights available anytime on Salesforce+. Learn more Save the date for TDX 2027 Sign up today for an exclusive low price, speaker announcements, and a sneak peek at the deep technical sessions and hands-on workshops. TDX 2026 Main Keynote Discover how to build your Agentic Enterprise with Salesforce and unlock the power of humans and agents driving customer success together. Best of TDX 2026 Explore the biggest announcements, launches, and innovations from TDX 2026. Connections Back Connections Join us at the marketing event of the year, where bold marketers and breakthrough agents come together to drive big impact. Register now Why Attend Discover how Connections helps you lead with experiences that adapt to every customer, and gives you the tools to become an Agentic Enterprise. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Connections experience.  Tableau Conference Back Tableau Conference Join us at the data and analytics event of the year, where AI, analytics, and trusted data come together to power better decisions. Register now Why Attend Discover how Tableau Conference helps you turn data into action. Learn what’s new, sharpen your skills, and connect with the global Tableau community shaping the future of analytics. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Tableau Conference experience. Informatica World Back Informatica World Join us at Informatica World to ignite your data strategy, unlock AI’s full potential, and lead your organization into the future.
 Register now Sessions Browse sessions designed to advance your AI-ready data journey, from keynotes to hands-on deep dives. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, and how to make the most of your experience. Agentforce World Tours Back Agentforce World Tours Join us in cities around the world to experience the latest Salesforce innovations in apps, data, and agents. Connect with leaders and experts from your industry at an Agentforce World Tour near you. Learn more Find an Agentforce World Tour in a city near you Browse current Agentforce World Tour events, or sign up today to be the first to know when one is coming to a city near you Agentforce World Tour New York Explore 140+ expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings featuring Dreamforce’s boldest launches. All in one day, all for free. Agentforce World Tour Chicago Experience the Dreamforce innovations that power Agentic Enterprises with expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings. All in one day, all for free. Salesforce+ Back Salesforce+ Fuel your professional growth and transform your company with our free live streaming and on-demand events. Visit Salesforce+ Watch Dreamforce On-Demand Stream the world’s largest, most trusted technology event. Agentforce and AI Join us to learn how AI agents are driving customer success. Data, Analytics, and Integration Explore data and AI demos, trainings, and release announcements. My List Save inspiring content to watch later. More Salesforce Events Back More Salesforce Events Dive into highlights from past events and explore on-demand content for every role and industry. See all events Webinars Join live webinars or listen to on-demand webinars at any time. Community Led Learn from peers, build your Salesforce network, and give back to the community. Customer Success Events Build product knowledge and get implementation and adoption guidance from Salesforce experts. Developer Events Learn and get hands-on the with the latest product innovations. Local User Groups Join groups to meet, collaborate, and learn new skills with Trailblazers. Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Learning Back Learning Learning on Trailhead Back Learning on Trailhead Skill up for the future from anywhere with Trailhead, our free, online learning platform. Explore Trailhead Trails Explore guided learning paths to quickly learn in-demand skills. Expert-led Learning Accelerate learning with access to Salesforce experts. Salesforce Certification Earn resume-worthy Salesforce credentials. Career Paths Find your career in the Salesforce ecosystem. Salesforce Academic Programs Discover free curriculum and resources for students and educators. Try Salesforce for Free Back Try Salesforce for Free Explore free trial offers for Salesforce data, analytics, and CRM products — for any size business, in any industry. Get started Starter Suite The marketing, sales, service, and commerce tools you need to succeed — all in a single CRM suite. Developer Edition Build enterprise-quality apps fast and get hands-on with Agentforce and Data Cloud. New to Salesforce Back New to Salesforce Salesforce is the #1 AI CRM, with AI agents, data, and CRM apps on a single, unified platform. Learn more about Salesforce What is CRM? Learn all about what CRM is, what it does, and how it can improve customer relationships. What is Customer 360? Salesforce’s category-leading apps for sales, service, marketing, commerce, IT, and more. What are AI agents? Learn more about AI agents and how they can help your business. What is Agentforce? It’s always-on digital labor augmenting every employee, department, and business process to improve customer experiences. Blogs Back Blogs Discover tips and insights from experts to supercharge your digital journey. Explore all blogs The 360 Blog Get the latest on AI, data, digital labor, and more. AI Research Blog Keep up with Salesforce’s AI research team and stay on the cutting edge of technology. Developer Blog Get the latest tooling innovation news, insights, and inspiration. Salesblazer Grow your career with the latest in sales content, training, and events — all part of the world’s leading sales community. Resources Back Resources Find free articles, guides, best practices, research, and more. Explore all resources Analyst Reports Read the latest studies and reports from the world’s best-known business analysts. Partners Explore industry-leading Salesforce partner apps and experts. Developer Documentation Get developer guides, tutorials, sample code, and API references. Newsletter Sign up to receive the latest Salesforce tips and insights, tailored just for you. Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Support Back Support Help & Documentation Back Help & Documentation Need help? Ask Agentforce. Find documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more – all the support you need, wherever you need it. Ask Agentforce on Salesforce Help Known Issues Find up-to-date information and status about our technology bugs and workarounds. Developer Documentation Find tutorials, sample code, developer guides, and API references. Architecture Center Explore diagrams, decision guides, and resources to build trusted, easy, and adaptable solutions. Communities Back Communities Meet people, learn skills, find apps and experts, and share feedback by joining Salesforce communities. Explore communities Trailblazer Community Connect with peers to learn skills and grow. Slack Community Connect with Slack end users, admins, and developers. MuleSoft Community Connect with MuleSoft developers, architects and business users. Tableau Community Connect with Tableau analysts, admins, developers and business users. Partner Community Collaborate, learn, and manage your partner business. IdeaExchange Help us build the Salesforce roadmap by sharing your feedback. Services & Plans Back Services & Plans Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Get the right level of support and guidance to grow your business. Professional Services Implement, innovate, and transform your enterprise with help from Salesforce experts. Account Management Back Account Management Manage your Salesforce subscriptions and contracts. Explore Your Account features. Your Account App Make payments, buy products, and manage renewals (Salesforce login required). Billing Portal Access invoices and make payments (Trailblazer ID login required). Digital Wallet Track and manage consumption with near-real time usage data. Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Company Back Company About Salesforce Back About Salesforce Learn about our history, products, and values. See our story What Is Salesforce? Leadership Global Offices Salesforce Swag Store Salesforce Ventures Investor Relations Our Values Back Our Values We are guided by our values and strive to do well in business while doing good in our communities. See what drives us Trust Customer success Innovation Equality Sustainability Our Impact Back Our Impact Business is the greatest platform for change. We use the full power of Salesforce to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders. Learn about our Impact initiatives Equality Accessibility Sustainability Philanthropy Ethical and Humane Use Public Policy Careers Back Careers Start a new journey with us – a career here at Salesforce. See all careers University Recruiting News Back Newsroom Stay informed with the latest news and announcements, fresh off the press. Visit the newsroom Analyst Reports Quarter in Review Legal Back Legal Find answers to your questions about Salesforce agreement terms, policies, intellectual property, corporate governance and compliance for customers, employees, partners and suppliers. See legal For Customers For Partners and Alliances For Suppliers Terms of Service TMCU Guidelines DMCA Privacy Info Compliance Product Accessibility Status Governance More Salesforce Brands Back More Salesforce Brands Explore the Salesforce brands delivering success now. See our brands Slack Tableau MuleSoft Informatica Heroku Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Contact Us Back Contact Us Contact Us ‍ Change Region Back Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) ‍ Contact Us Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Change Region ‍ Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Start for free Start for free 
 Privacy Information
 Trust is our #1 value. Salesforce’s top priority is the security and privacy of the data that we are entrusted to protect. 
 See Privacy Statement
 Learn about our commitment to privacy
 How we protect our Customer’s data as a Processor
 Our cloud services are designed to help customers comply with privacy laws around the world. Discover more about our commitment to protecting customer data as a processor. 
 Global Privacy Resources for Salesforce Products 
 Data Processing Addendum 
 Data Processing Addendum FAQ 
 Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ 
 Salesforce's Notice of Data Privacy Framework Certification 
 Trust and Compliance Documentation 
 Salesforce's Notice of APEC CBPR and PRP Certifications 
 Salesforce's EU Processor Binding Corporate Rules 
 Salesforce's UK Processor Binding Corporate Rules 
 Salesforce Group Affiliates for UK Binding Corporate Rules for Processors 
 How we protect data as a Controller 
 We continuously monitor the global privacy landscape and adapt our privacy program accordingly. Discover more about our commitment to compliance with global privacy laws as a controller 
 Salesforce Candidate Privacy Statement 
 Salesforce Apps, Add-ins and Extensions Privacy Statement 
 Privacy Statement (Bahasa Indonesia) 
 Salesforce Data Privacy Framework Covered U.S. Entities 
 Transparency Reports
 Information about Salesforce's principles for handling government requests for customer data and the relevant annual figures regarding such requests. 
 Salesforce's Transparency Report (H1 2025) 
 Salesforce's Transparency Report (2024) 
 Salesforce's Transparency Report (2023) 
 Salesforce's Transparency Report (2022) 
 Salesforce's Transparency Report (2021) 
 Salesforce's Transparency Report (2020-2021) 
 Contact Information
 To exercise your rights relating to your personal data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out this form , or email us at privacy@salesforce.com. For more information about contacting us, see the “Contacting Us” section below. 
 Salesforce’s Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ
 Learn how Salesforce is responding to the new SCCs in Salesforce's FAQ about transfers of personal data. 
 Learn more
 Privacy Statement
 When you use and interact with our websites or services, communicate with us, visit our offices or attend our events, among other activities further described within the full Privacy Statement, we may collect, use, share and process information relating to you ("Personal Data"). These Privacy Statement Highlights summarize our Personal Data processing practices and your related rights. 
 Privacy Statement Overview
 Important Information
 Salesforce’s full Privacy Statement contains more information about Salesforce’s privacy practices. 
 Responsible Salesforce Entity
 Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities (“Salesforce, “we”, “us”, or the “Company”) act as the controllers of your Personal Data and are responsible for its processing, unless expressly specified otherwise in our full Privacy Statement. For the avoidance of doubt, our Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor on behalf of our customers. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here . 
 Purposes for which we process Personal Data
 We collect and process Personal Data for a variety of purposes, including but not limited to the following: 
 to provide our websites (including our social media pages); 
 to display personalized advertisements and content; 
 to manage event registrations, attendance, and participation in webinars, contests or promotions; 
 to ensure the safety and security of our offices, premises, employees and events; 
 to send marketing communications; 
 to handle support or service-related requests; 
 to prospect sales leads; 
 to develop and optimize the performance of our services; 
 to manage and document our customer and user accounts; 
 to administer surveys and conduct research; and 
 to comply with our legal obligations and defend Salesforce. 
 For the entire list of purposes for which we Process your Personal Data, please see the full Privacy Statement. 
 We only collect and process your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary for fulfilling these purposes and where we can rely on a legal basis for such processing as set out in our full Privacy Statement. Where legally required, we will ask you for your prior consent to processing. 
 Please review the "What Personal Data do we collect?" and "Purposes for which we process your Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely" sections in our full Privacy Statement for further details. Also, please review the "How long do we keep your Personal Data?" section to learn how long we store your Personal Data. 
 Who do we share Personal Data with
 We may share Personal Data with various parties, including: 
 service providers; 
 Salesforce affiliates; 
 event sponsors; 
 partners; 
 customers with whom you are affiliated and/or the applicable partner responsible for access to your services; 
 contest and promotion sponsors; 
 third-party networks and websites; 
 Salesforce-affiliated App Exchange partners; 
 professional advisors; 
 third parties involved in a corporate transaction; 
 third party accounts (in relation to Tableau); and 
 public authorities. 
 Please review the "Who do we share Personal Data with" section in our full Privacy Statement for the full list and more detailed information about each category listed above. 
 International transfers of Personal Data
 Your Personal Data may be transferred to, and stored by us, in the United States and by our affiliates and third parties (as disclosed in the full Privacy Statement) as listed in the Privacy Statement. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed and stored outside your country or jurisdiction, including in places that may not provide the same level of protection. As described in the "International transfers of Personal Data" section of our full Privacy Statement, we have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of protection where your Personal Data is transferred, including, where required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of Personal Data as approved by the European Commission. Salesforce also commits to comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the “DPF”) and certifies its adherence to the DPF Principles as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. 
 For more information, please see the full Privacy Statement. 
 Your rights relating to Personal Data
 You have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws, these rights may include the right to: 
 Access your Personal Data held by us; 
 Know more about how we process your Personal Data; 
 Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete; 
 Erase or delete your Personal Data; 
 Restrict our processing of your Personal Data; 
 Transfer your Personal Data to another controller (data portability), to the extent possible; 
 Object to any processing of your Personal Data; 
 Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties; 
 Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data; 
 Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services; 
 If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties; 
 Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects (“automated decision-making”); 
 Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we rely on consent as our legal basis for processing it); 
 Complain about the use of your Personal Data; 
 Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above; and 
 Appeal our refusal to act upon your request to exercise a right relating to your Personal Data by following the steps provided in response to your inquiry. 
 For more details on your rights and choices and how to exercise them, please review the "Your rights relating to your Personal Data" section in our full Privacy Statement. 
 Contacting us 
 To exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out this form, email us at privacy@salesforce.com, call us at tel:1-800-931-7365 or write to us at: 
 Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) (and in India, a Grievance Officer) 
 415 Mission St., 3rd Floor San Francisco, CA 94105, USA 
 When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside. If you have an unresolved concern in respect of our processing of your Personal Data that you believe we have not addressed satisfactorily, you can contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. 
 If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the following website. 
 Full Salesforce Privacy Statement
 Effective as of May 19, 2026. At Salesforce, trust is our #1 value. This Privacy Statement describes how Salesforce collects, uses, shares or otherwise processes information relating to individuals (“Personal Data”) and the rights associated with that processing. 
 1. Responsible Salesforce entity
 Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities (“Salesforce, “we”, “us”, or the “Company”) are responsible for the processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Statement, unless specified otherwise, and act as the controller of such Personal Data. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here . 
 This Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data as a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including where we offer to our customers various services through which our customers (or their affiliates): (i) create their own websites and applications running on our platforms; (ii) sell or offer their own products and services; (iii) send electronic communications to others; or (iv) otherwise collect, use, share or process Personal Data via our services. 
 For detailed privacy information related to a Salesforce customer or a customer affiliate who uses Salesforce services as the controller, please contact our customer directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our customers, which may differ from those explained in this Privacy Statement. For more information, please also see Section 10.3 below. 
 2. When this Privacy Statement applies 
 This Privacy Statement applies to the processing of Personal Data collected by us when you: 
 • Visit or interact with our websites that display or link to this Privacy Statement; 
 • Visit or interact with our branded social media pages; 
 • Visit our offices or other premises; 
 • Receive communications from us or otherwise communicate with us, including but not limited to emails, phone calls, texts or faxes; 
 • Use our services where we act as a controller of your Personal Data; 
 • Register for, attend or take part in our events, webinars, programs, trainings, certifications or contests; 
 • Act as or work for a service provider or supplier to Salesforce, to the extent Salesforce acts as a controller with respect to your Personal Data; 
 • Are employed by a customer using our services where your Personal Data has been shared with us in our capacity as a controller (for example, during the sales or contracting process); 
 • Participate in a Salesforce community, such as that focused on open source development; or 
 • Participate in surveys, research or other similar data collection facilitated by us. 
 We also host several online marketplaces such as: 
 • AgentExchange, which is an online marketplace for on-demand web applications that run on the Salesforce platform and that may be provided by us or by third parties (see https://appexchange.salesforce.com/ ), and 
 • Tableau’s Extension Gallery ( https://extensiongallery.tableau.com ) which offers connectors and solutions that provide additional functionality for Tableau, such as dashboard extensions. 
 When applications, connectors, extensions or other solutions are provided by us and they link to this Privacy Statement, this Privacy Statement applies. When these offerings are provided by third parties, the privacy statement of the relevant third party applies and this Privacy Statement does not. 
 Our websites and services may contain links to other websites, applications, platforms and services maintained by third parties. Salesforce does not control these and the information practices of those third parties, including the social media platforms that host our branded social media pages, are governed by their own privacy statements. It is recommended that you read the applicable privacy statements carefully to understand their privacy practices. 
 In some circumstances, we also collect, or our partners provide us with, publicly available information which may contain Personal Data that you have published or that has been made available online. The way in which our partners collect this is detailed in their own privacy statements, available on their websites. 
 Salesforce may use artificial intelligence to process your Personal Data, including to develop and deploy AI systems. Where artificial intelligence is leveraged, it will only be used where legally permissible, in compliance with this Privacy Statement, and in a manner which is consistent with our commitments and values. More information on Salesforce’s responsible AI practices can be found here. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, this applies where Salesforce processes your Personal Data as a controller. It does not apply to Personal Data you voluntarily submit to our services as an authorised user of a Salesforce customer for which Salesforce always acts as a processor. 
 3. What Personal data do we collect?
 3.1 Personal Data we collect directly from you 
 The Personal Data we collect directly from you depends on how you choose to interact with us and what you choose to share. This may include identifiers such as contact information, professional or employment-related information, financial account information, commercial information, visual information such as your image, and internet activity information, among others. Below are examples of the types of data we may collect in the following situations: 
 Personal Data Collection Scenarios
 Situations 
 Categories of Personal Data 
 If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services; request customer support (including accessing the Help & Training Portal); use our “Contact Us” or similar features; register to use our websites or to receive communications; sign up for an event, webinar or contest; participate in a program, training, certification or survey; use our services; download certain content; or are employed by a customer using our services where your information has been shared with us 
 Contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address, username and password, other information you have voluntarily chosen to share or communicate to Salesforce 
 If you make purchases via our websites or register for an event or webinar 
 Contact information, financial and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number or bank account information 
 If you attend an event 
 Attendee badge information which may include name, title, company name, address, country, phone number and email address, image and video, such as from CCTV footage If you give your explicit consent and only for specified events, your biometric information, such as an image of your facial features for identification purposes To the extent that national or local laws require it, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history 
 If you register with us for purposes such as, joining a community that we host or participating in a program, training or certification 
 Username, photo, video (such as during an online certification exam) or other biographical information, such as your occupation, location, social media profiles or usernames, company name, areas of expertise and interests 
 If you interact with our websites or emails 
 Information about your device and your usage of our websites or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other identifiers), which may qualify as Personal Data (please see Section 4 below) using cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies 
 If you use and interact with our services 
 Information about your device and your usage of our services through log files and other technologies, some of which may qualify as Personal Data (including Usage Data) (please see Section 4 below) 
 If you communicate with us via a phone call 
 Information such as your name, voice, telephone number and any other Personal Data voluntarily shared  
 If you visit our offices or other premises 
 Name, email address, phone number, company name, time and date of arrival, image or video, such as from CCTV footage To the extent that national or local laws require it, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history 
 If you voluntarily submit certain information to us, such as filling out a survey, responding to a questionnaire or participating in other forms of research 
 Information you have provided as part of that request, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you voluntarily choose to provide it 
 If you are a supplier or service provider to Salesforce (or work for a supplier or service provider) 
 Contact information, payment and billing information 
 If you provide us, our service providers or our affiliates with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, you: 
 • represent that you have the authority to do so, 
 • where required, have obtained their necessary consent(s) to share their Personal Data with us for processing, and 
 • acknowledge and accept that it may be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. 
 If you believe that your Personal Data has been provided to us improperly, or want to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. 
 3.2 Personal Data we collect from other sources 
 We also collect information about you from other sources including partners from whom we collect or purchase Personal Data, or who provide us with publicly available information which may contain Personal Data. We may combine this information with Personal Data provided by you. 
 Provision of our services: 
 • The Personal Data we collect to provide our services may include information you have made publicly available online (such as when using social media sites) or that is published by third parties and contains information about you (such as news articles). For a select number of services, we collect this Personal Data from partners who may receive this data when you visit or use their services or through the third parties they work with. 
 • In addition, the Personal Data we collect to provide our services may include location information from third parties, which helps us offer features like identity management and multi-factor authentication for security purposes. 
 Advertising: The Personal Data we collect from other sources for the purposes of tailored advertising includes personal identifiers professional or employment-related information, education information, commercial information, internet activity information, and inferences about preferences and behaviors. We collect this from third party providers of business contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, user behavior data, IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs and custom profiles for purposes of tailored advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling, marketing campaign eligibility, and verifying contact information. This helps us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored and relevant advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you. 
 Additional sources: In addition, we also collect Personal Data from the following sources: 
 • Another individual at your organization who may provide us with your personal information, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you consent to providing it and sharing it; 
 • Platforms such as GitHub to manage code check-ins and pull requests. If you participate in an open source or community development project, we may associate your code repository username with your community account so we can inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security requirements; and 
 • Only where necessary for security purposes, we may collect information that is publicly available online (such as accessible through search engines or public social media sites), as well as images, physical descriptions and other pertinent information necessary to address a credible security threat to our employees, events or premises. 
 4. What Device and Usage Data do we process?
 We use common information-gathering tools, such as tools for collecting data, cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies to collect information that may contain Personal Data as you navigate our websites, our services, or interact with emails we have sent to you. 
 4.1 Device and Usage Data 
 As is true of most websites, we collect certain device information when individual users visit our websites. This information may include identifiers, commercial information, and internet activity information such as IP address (or proxy server information), device and application information, identification numbers and features, location, browser type, plug-ins, integrations, Internet service provider, mobile carrier, the pages and files viewed, searches, referring website, app or ad, operating system, system configuration information, advertising and language preferences, date and time stamps associated with your usage, and frequency of visits to the websites. This information is used for the purposes set out in Section 5 of this Privacy Statement below. 
 In addition, we collect certain information as part of your use of our services (“Usage Data”). This information may include: (i) identifiers, such as user ID, organization ID, username, email address and user type; (ii) commercial information; and (iii) internet activity information such as IP address (or proxy server), mobile device number, device and application identification numbers, location, language, browser type, Internet service provider or mobile carrier, user interactions such as the pages and files viewed, website and webpage interactions including searches and other actions you take, operating system type and version, system configuration information, date and time stamps associated with your usage and details of which of our services and versions you are using. This information is used for the purposes set out in detail in Section 5 of this Privacy Statement below. 
 We may also use aggregated Usage Data for legitimate internal business purposes, such as to identify additional customer opportunities, and to ensure that we are meeting the demands of our customers and their users.  
 For more information regarding Tableau specifically, please see here 
 and here 
 . 
 4.2 Our use of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies on our website and in email communications to you. 
 We use technologies such as web beacons, pixels, tags, and JavaScript, alone or in conjunction with cookies, to collect information about the use of our websites and how people interact with our emails. 
 When you visit our websites, we, or an authorized third party, may place a cookie on your device that collects information, including Personal Data, about your online activities over time and across different sites. Cookies allow us to track use, infer browsing preferences, and improve and customize your browsing experience. 
 We use both session-based and persistent cookies on our websites. Session-based cookies exist only during a single session and disappear from your device when you close your browser or turn off the device. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser or turn your device off. To change your cookie settings and preferences for one of our websites, navigate to the “Cookie Preferences” link available in any salesforce.com website footer to choose your settings. You can also control the use of cookies on your device, but choosing to disable cookies on your device may limit your ability to use some features on our websites and services. 
 We also use web beacons and pixels on our websites and in emails. For example, we may place a pixel in a marketing email that notifies us when you click on a link in the email. We use these technologies to operate and improve our websites and marketing emails – please see more details in the “Advertising Cookies” row in the table below. For instructions on how to unsubscribe from our marketing emails, please see Section 10.4 below. 
 The following describes how we use different categories of cookies and similar technologies, and details your options for managing the data collection settings of these technologies: 
 Options for Managing Data Collection Settings
 Type of Cookies 
 Description 
 Managing Settings 
 Required cookies 
 Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, aggregate site analytics cookies, authentication cookies, and security cookies. If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we may place on your browser a cookie that allows us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the websites and to process your online transactions and requests. 
 Because required cookies are essential to operate the websites, there is no option to opt out of these cookies. 
 Functional cookies 
 Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.  Functional cookies may also be used to improve how our websites function and to help us provide you with more relevant communications, including marketing communications. These cookies collect information about how our websites are used, including which pages are viewed most often. We may use our own technology or third-party technology to track and analyze usage information to provide enhanced interactions and more relevant communications, and to track the performance of our advertisements. Salesforce may also use HTML5 local storage or Flash cookies for the above-mentioned purposes. These technologies differ from browser cookies in the amount and type of data they store, and how they store it. 
 We need your prior consent to use functional cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for functional cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page. To learn how to control functional cookies via your individual browser settings, click her e . To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click  here . 
 Advertising cookies 
 Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests and to direct marketing to them.  We sometimes use cookies delivered by us or by third parties to show you ads for our services that we think may interest you on devices you use and to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies collect information such as which browser you used when visiting our websites. Salesforce also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons on our websites, from emails and on third-party websites. Advertising networks follow your online activities over time and across different websites or other online services by collecting certain data through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognize you across the different devices you use. When we work with third party advertising networks, we require them to restrict their data processing to only what is necessary to provide us with the advertising services we request. 
 We need your prior consent to use of targeting and advertising cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for targeting and advertising cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page. See Section 4.3, below, to learn more about these and other advertising networks and your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties. 
 For more information about Tableau’s use of cookies specifically, please see the Tableau Cookie Policy 
 . 
 4.3 Notices on behavioral advertising and opt-out for website visitors 
 As described above, we or one of our authorized partners may place, and read the data collected by, cookies on your device when you visit our websites for the purpose of serving you tailored advertising (also referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”). To learn more about tailored advertising and advertising networks, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative, here 
 , and the Digital Advertising Alliance, here 
 . 
 To manage the use of targeting and advertising cookies on this website, navigate to the “Cookie Preferences” link available in any salesforce.com website footer or consult your individual browser settings for cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click here 
 . Various browsers may also offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage. 
 4.4 Opt-Out from the setting of cookies on your individual browser 
 In addition to using the user preference center, in many cases you may opt-out from the collection of non-essential device data on your web browser (see Section 4.1 above) by managing your cookies at the browser or device level. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising, navigate to the “Cookie Preferences” link available in any salesforce.com website footer to choose your settings. Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies and similar technologies used on our websites, you may not be able to take advantage of the full functionality of the websites. 
 While some internet browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked, these features are not yet uniform and there is no common standard adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. Therefore, we do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals with respect to our websites. Salesforce takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a universal standard. 
 4.5 Social Media Features 
 Our websites may use social media features, such as the “Post” button and other sharing widgets (“Social Media Features”). Social Media Features may allow you to post information about your activities on our website to outside platforms and social networks. Social Media Features may also allow you to like or highlight information we have posted on our website or our branded social media pages. Social Media Features are either hosted by each respective platform or hosted directly on our website. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the platforms themselves, and you click through to these from our websites, the platform may receive information showing that you have visited our websites. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our websites with your social media profile. 
 Salesforce also allows you to log in to certain of our websites using sign-in services. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data from these services with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form. 
 Your interactions with Social Media Features and their uses of your Personal Data are governed by the privacy statements of the companies providing these features Salesforce has no control over these. 
 4.6 Telephony log information 
 If you use certain features of our services on a mobile device, we may also collect telephony log information (like phone numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls), device event information (such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser language), and location information (through IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers). 
 5. Purposes for which we process your Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely
 We collect and process your Personal Data (including, where legally permissible, special categories of Personal Data) for the following purposes, relying on the following legal bases: 
 Purposes for Processing Personal Data
 Purpose 
 Description 
 Legal basis 
 Providing our websites (including our social media pages) 
 We process your Personal Data to operate and administer our websites, and to provide you with the content you access and request  
 Our legitimate interest in providing online content to our customers and prospective customers regarding our service offerings and related information 
 Improving our websites 
 We process your Personal Data to analyze overall trends and help us improve the user experience on our websites 
 Our legitimate interest in providing a relevant and well-functioning website for the benefit of our website visitors  
 Promoting the security of our websites 
 We process your Personal Data by monitoring your use of our websites, and verifying and investigating activity 
 Our legitimate interest in maintaining the safety and security of our websites, and in protecting our rights and the rights of others 
 Displaying personalized advertisements and content  
 We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to conduct market research, advertise to you, provide tailored/personalized information about us on and off our websites and within the services, as well as to provide other personalized content based upon your activities and interests 
 Our legitimate interest in advertising our services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior consent  Please see Section 10 below, to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for tailored/personalized advertising purposes 
 Registering visitors 
 We process your Personal Data, including registration information and associated non-disclosure information, for security reasons 
 Our legitimate interest in protecting our offices, premises, employees, visitors and our confidential information against unauthorized access 
 Managing event registrations, attendance and participation in events, webinars, contests or promotions 
 We process your Personal Data to plan and host events, webinars, contests, and promotions, (including participation in each) for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you Where you explicitly consent, we also may process your biometric Personal Data to facilitate event registration and for security reasons Some events, webinars, contests and promotions have additional rules setting out containing information about how we will process your Personal Da