 
 Chat with Stripe sales
 8 Āsales reps available
 We're here to discuss your business needs. 
 Chat now Āwith sales 
 Stripe Services Agreement - General Terms 
 Legal 
 Stripe Services Agreement 
 Overview & FAQs 
 General Terms of Service 
 Services Terms 
 User Bank Account Debit Authorisations 
 Prohibited & Restricted Businesses 
 e-Signature Disclosure 
 Financial Provider Terms 
 Acquirer Disclosure & Acquirer Terms 
 SPC Terms & Licenses (US) 
 SPC Licenses (US) 
 Payment Method Terms 
 Issuing Bank Terms (US) 
 Data Processing Agreement 
 Translations 
 Regional Regulatory Disclosures & Policies 
 Combined Financial Services Guide and Product Disclosure Statement (AU) 
 Target Market Legal Determinations (AU) 
 Required Regulatory Disclosures (Canada) 
 Stripe Unacceptable Risk Policy (Europe) 
 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy (IN) 
 US Public Sector Addendum 
 Stripe Services AgreementŌĆöGeneral Terms
 The Stripe Services Agreement governs the use of Stripe by our business users. It is divided into General Terms, which apply to every user, and product-specific Services Terms , which only apply based on the specific services you use. Read more about the Stripe Services Agreement and its structure in our Overview & FAQs . For informational purposes only, we have translated the Stripe Services Agreement into selected languages here . 
 Read more about the changes made November 18, 2025 here . 
 The Stripe Services Agreement (the ŌĆ£ Agreement ŌĆØ) is an agreement between you or the entity you represent (ŌĆ£ User ŌĆØ) and the applicable Stripe entity specified in Section 12 (Definitions) (ŌĆ£ Stripe ŌĆØ) and governs UserŌĆÖs access to and use of the Services and Stripe Technology. The Agreement consists of the General Terms (which apply to all Services and Stripe Technology), all Service Terms that apply to UserŌĆÖs use of specific Services and Stripe Technology, and any other terms incorporated into the Agreement. The Regional Terms located in Section 13 (Regional Terms) of the General Terms apply based on UserŌĆÖs Stripe Account Country. This Agreement is effective when User first accesses or uses the Services or Stripe Technology (the ŌĆ£ Effective Date ŌĆØ) and continues until User or Stripe terminates it (the ŌĆ£ TermŌĆØ). If you are accepting the Agreement on behalf of User, you represent that you have full authority to legally bind User to this Agreement. If User is a sole proprietor, both User and Representative agree to be bound by the terms of the Agreement. Disputes between User and Stripe are subject to a class action waiver and will be resolved by individual binding arbitration, except as stated otherwise in this Agreement. Please read the arbitration provision in Section 11.4 (Dispute Resolution; Agreement to Arbitrate) as it affects UserŌĆÖs rights under this Agreement. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement that are not defined inline are defined in Section 12 (Definitions). General Terms Last modified: November 18, 2025 1. Services. 1.1 Services. Stripe (and its Affiliates, as applicable) will make the Services available to User, and if applicable, give User access to a Stripe Dashboard. Stripe may enable certain Services or features on UserŌĆÖs behalf which User may disable by contacting Stripe, or, where available, opting out within the Stripe Dashboard or API. User must use the Services solely for UserŌĆÖs Business Purposes and in compliance with the Documentation. 1.2 Restrictions. (a) General Restrictions . User must not, and must not enable or allow any third party to: (i) use the Services for personal, family, or household purposes; (ii) circumvent any technical limitations of the Services or enable functionality that is disabled or prohibited, or access or attempt to access non-public Stripe systems or data; (iii) use the Services to engage in any activity that is fraudulent, deceptive, exploitative, or harmful; (iv) perform or attempt to perform any action that interferes with the operation of the Services or affects other Stripe usersŌĆÖ use of Stripe services; (v) rent, lease, or otherwise transfer UserŌĆÖs rights granted under Section 1.1 (Services) to a third party; (vi) copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, resell, or distribute in any way, any part of the Services, Documentation, or the Stripe Website except as Law permits; (vii) attempt to create a Stripe Account on behalf of or for the benefit of a user whose use of the Stripe services was suspended or terminated by Stripe, unless Stripe approves otherwise; (viii) act as service bureau or pass-through agent for the Services with no added value to Customers; or (ix) use the Services to conduct a Prohibited or Restricted Business, transact with any Prohibited or Restricted Business, or enable any individual or entity (including User) to operate or benefit from any Prohibited or Restricted Business, unless Stripe has pre-approved the respective Prohibited or Restricted Business in writing. (b) Age Restrictions. Only people 13 years of age or older may open a Stripe Account and use the Services and Stripe Technology. If User or UserŌĆÖs Representative is not 18 years of age or older (or the age of majority where User resides): (i) User must add a Representative who is an adult (which may be a parent or legal guardian) to UserŌĆÖs Stripe Account; (ii) both User and Representative agree to be bound by the terms of the Agreement; and (iii) Representative agrees to be responsible and liable for UserŌĆÖs actions in its Stripe Account and UserŌĆÖs compliance with this Agreement. 1.3 Support. Stripe will provide User with basic business and technical support for issues relating to UserŌĆÖs Stripe Account and use of the Services through support channels and Documentation that Stripe makes available on the Stripe Website. Stripe also offers optional paid support plans that may include priority support and response times that exceed the basic business and technical support. Stripe is not obligated to provide support to Customers. 1.4 Preview Services. Stripe may make a Preview Service available to User. Stripe will indicate to User, via the Stripe Dashboard, Stripe Website, or otherwise, whether a Service, or part of it, is a Preview Service. By their nature, Preview Services may be feature-incomplete, unstable, or contain bugs, and use of the Preview Services is at UserŌĆÖs own risk and discretion. User should not use Preview Services in a production environment unless User understands and accepts the limitations of the Preview Service. Unless Stripe otherwise agrees in writing, UserŌĆÖs use of Preview Services is confidential, and User must provide timely Feedback on the Preview Services in response to Stripe requests. Stripe may add or remove features of the Preview Services, or suspend or terminate UserŌĆÖs access to Preview Services at any time. Stripe may communicate Fees for a Preview Service in writing outside of the Stripe Pricing Page. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, to the maximum extent permitted by Law, Stripe provides no warranty, indemnity, or support for Preview Services and StripeŌĆÖs aggregate liability for Preview Services is limited to USD$1,000. 1.5 Modifications; Updates. (a) Modifications. Stripe may modify or discontinue any aspect of the Services or Stripe Technology, including imposing conditions on use of the Services or Stripe Technology or ceasing to offer a Service or Stripe Technology in a specific country or region. Stripe will provide User reasonable notice if the modification or discontinuation would materially reduce the functionality of a Service or Stripe Technology that User is then using, except where Stripe determines such notice would (i) create a security risk for Stripe; or (ii) cause Stripe (or its Affiliates, as applicable) to violate Law or breach an obligation to a Governmental Authority or Financial Provider. (b) Updates. Stripe is not obligated to provide any Updates, but may do so at its discretion. If Stripe makes an Update available, User must implement it by the deadline stated in StripeŌĆÖs notice. If no deadline is stated, then User must implement the Update within 30 days of the notice date. 1.6 Third-Party Services. Stripe may reference, allow User to access, or promote Third-Party Services. UserŌĆÖs use of any Third-Party Service is subject to that Third-Party ServiceŌĆÖs terms of use and privacy policies, and is at UserŌĆÖs sole risk. Stripe does not approve, endorse, or recommend any Third-Party Services to User and disclaims all responsibility and liability for use of any Third-Party Service. 2. License to Stripe Technology. 2.1 License. Subject to this Agreement, Stripe (or its Affiliates, as applicable) grants User a limited, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as allowed under Section 11.10 (Assignment)), non-sublicensable, revocable license during the Term to use the Stripe Technology solely (i) as necessary to use the Services, (ii) for UserŌĆÖs Business Purposes; and (iii) in compliance with Law, this Agreement and the Documentation. The Stripe Technology is licensed, not sold, to User by Stripe (or its Affiliates, as applicable). The terms of this Agreement will govern all updates, upgrades, new versions, and replacements unless an update is accompanied by a separate license, in which case the terms of that license will govern. 2.2 Exclusions. The license granted in this Section does not allow User to, and User agrees not to, use or run the Stripe Technology in any way other than in accordance with this Agreement and the Documentation. User may distribute elements of the Stripe Technology identified by Stripe as ŌĆ£distributableŌĆØ, if any, as long as User does so solely in binary or object code form and subject to the terms of an end user license agreement at least as protective of Stripe and its licensors as the terms of this Section. User must not use Stripe Technology in a manner that creates an obligation to (i) disclose, distribute or make Stripe Technology available in source code form; (ii) license Stripe Technology for the purpose of making modifications or derivative works; or (iii) redistribute Stripe Technology at no charge. User must not remove, obscure, modify or otherwise tamper with notices (including trademark, copyright and other proprietary notices) or legends contained in any Stripe Technology. 2.3 Third-Party Software. User acknowledges that open source software included in the Stripe Technology may grant User additional rights. If there is a conflict between an open source license and this Agreement regarding open source code, the applicable open source license terms supersede the conflicting terms of this Agreement. Portions of the Stripe Technology may utilize third-party software and other copyrighted material. 2.4 Modifications and Reverse Engineering. Except to the extent that the following restriction is not permitted under Law, User must not (and User must not enable others to) decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, decrypt, tamper, translate, modify, or create derivative works of all or any part of the Stripe Technology or any services provided by Stripe. User agrees not to remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary notices (including trademark and copyright notices) that may be affixed to or contained within the Stripe Technology. 2.5 Transfer. User must not rent, lease, lend, sell, share, redistribute, or sublicense the Stripe Technology, or enable others to do so, in each case unless expressly permitted under this Agreement or otherwise authorized by Stripe in writing. 3. Stripe Account Security. Stripe is entitled to rely on any instruction or action taken within UserŌĆÖs Stripe Account. User must ensure that its Stripe Account is not used or modified by anyone other than User and its authorized representatives, and will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the unauthorized access, disclosure, or use of its Stripe Account Credentials. If User believes that its Stripe Account Credentials have been wrongly accessed, disclosed, or used, User must promptly notify Stripe and cooperate fully, including by providing any information Stripe reasonably requests. Any action or inaction by Stripe will not diminish UserŌĆÖs responsibility for the security of its Stripe Account Credentials or for any unauthorized access, disclosure, or use of them. User is solely responsible for any losses, damages or costs that User or others may suffer arising out of or relating to hacking, tampering, or unauthorized access of the Services, UserŌĆÖs Stripe Account, or Protected Data, or UserŌĆÖs failure to use or implement anti-fraud or data security measures, except to the extent that those losses, damages, or costs are caused by StripeŌĆÖs gross negligence, fraud, or willful misconduct. 4. Privacy and Data Use. 4.1 Data Processing Agreement. Each party will comply with the DPA , including the Data Transfers Addendum , which is incorporated into this Agreement by this reference. The DPA sets out the partiesŌĆÖ respective obligations and responsibilities regarding Personal Data processing in connection with the Services. 4.2 Stripe Data. User will use Stripe Data only as expressly permitted by this Agreement or other written agreements between Stripe and User (or their Affiliates). 4.3 Data Breach Notification. User must notify Stripe immediately if User becomes aware of any unauthorized acquisition, modification, disclosure, access to, or loss of Personal Data on UserŌĆÖs systems that was provided to or used by Stripe in connection with the Services. 4.4 Retention of Data. Stripe is not obligated to retain data that it receives from or through User after the Term, except as (a) required by Law; (b) reasonably required for Stripe to perform any post-termination obligations; (c) this Agreement otherwise states; or (d) the parties otherwise agree in writing. 4.5 Third Party Data User Provides. If User enables Services or functionality that provide Stripe access to data, including Personal Data and Content, from UserŌĆÖs third party service providers (ŌĆ£Third Party DataŌĆØ), then User authorizes Stripe to access and use the Third Party Data, and User must obtain all necessary rights and consents from the applicable individuals and third parties sufficient to enable Stripe to lawfully collect, use, retain, and disclose the Third Party Data. Stripe will use Third Party Data as this Agreement describes and to (a) secure, provide, and update the Stripe services, (b) comply with Law and Financial Provider requirements, and (c) prevent and mitigate fraud, financial loss, and other harm. User must not provide Protected Health Information to Stripe as part of Third Party Data. User is liable for any disclosure of Protected Health Information to Stripe when User provides access to the Third Party Data. 4.6 Controls. Each party will maintain commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to protect data in its possession or under its control from unauthorized access, accidental loss, and unauthorized modification. Stripe will comply with its obligations in the Data Security Exhibit to the DPA. 5. Intellectual Property. 5.1 Ownership; Intellectual Property Rights. (a) IP Rights . As between the parties, Stripe, its Affiliates, and its third party licensors own all IP Rights in the Services, the Stripe Technology, Stripe Data, the Stripe Marks, the Documentation, and the Stripe Website. All rights not expressly granted in this Agreement are reserved. (b) Reservation of Rights . Nothing in this Agreement assigns or transfers ownership of any IP Rights to the other party, or contemplates a joint development of intellectual property. (c) Rights and Permissions . User will ensure that UserŌĆÖs use of the Services and Stripe Technology will not violate or infringe upon any third-party rights, including IP Rights. If User provides Content to Stripe, User agrees that it has obtained, as applicable, all necessary rights and permissions to share the Content and enable StripeŌĆÖs use of the Content. User grants to Stripe, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use the Content to develop, improve, and provide Services and Stripe Technology and for StripeŌĆÖs internal business purposes. 5.2 Feedback. During the Term, User may provide Feedback to Stripe and its Affiliates, which Stripe may use without restriction or obligation. Except as indicated in Section 1.4, Feedback is voluntary and User grants to Stripe, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use that Feedback for any purpose. 5.3 Marks Usage. (a) License Grant. Subject to this Agreement, each party (or its applicable Affiliates) grants to the other party a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as allowed under Section 11.10 (Assignment)), non-sublicensable (except to its Affiliates and Financial Providers (as applicable)), royalty-free license during the Term to use the granting partyŌĆÖs Marks solely to provide the Services to User and to identify Stripe as UserŌĆÖs service provider. All goodwill generated from the use of the grantor partyŌĆÖs Marks will inure to the sole benefit of the Mark owner. (b) StripeŌĆÖs Permitted Uses of UserŌĆÖs Marks . Stripe and its Affiliates may refer to User as a user of Services in their financial disclosure documents. Stripe and its Affiliates may use UserŌĆÖs Marks: (i) on Stripe webpages and apps that identify StripeŌĆÖs customers or users; (ii) in Stripe sales and marketing materials and communications; and (iii) in connection with any promotional activities to which the parties agree in writing. When using UserŌĆÖs Marks, Stripe must comply with the usage terms or guidelines that User provides to Stripe in writing (if any). (c) UserŌĆÖs Permitted Uses of Stripe Marks . When using StripeŌĆÖs Marks, User must comply with the terms located at https://stripe.com/legal/marks/ and all additional usage terms and guidelines that Stripe provides to User in writing (if any). 6. Confidentiality. The recipient will use reasonable care to prevent the disclosure of the discloser's Confidential Information. The recipient may disclose Confidential Information only to its and its Affiliates' directors, employees, contractors, agents, professional advisors, and third-party auditors (and where Stripe is the recipient, to Financial Providers and their respective Affiliates, and StripeŌĆÖs third-party service providers, as reasonably necessary to perform the Services), who have a legitimate need to know it and are subject to confidentiality obligations at least as protective as this Agreement. The recipient may disclose Confidential Information if required by Law, subpoena, or court order, or if directed by a Governmental Authority, as long as (if permitted by Law) it notifies the discloser in advance (to the extent legally permitted) and provides reasonable assistance, at the discloser's cost, if the discloser wishes to contest the disclosure. These confidentiality obligations do not apply to information that the recipient can prove through written documentation: (a) is or becomes publicly available through no fault of the recipient; (b) it knew or possessed without restriction prior to receiving it from the discloser; (c) it received from was a third party without breach of confidentiality obligations; or (d) it independently developed without using the discloserŌĆÖs Confidential Information. 7. Fees; Taxes; User Bank Account. 7.1 Stripe Fees. (a) Fees. The Fees are as listed on the Stripe Pricing Page, unless User and Stripe otherwise agree in writing, including via click-through agreement. Unless User and Stripe otherwise agree in writing or if Law requires, payment obligations are non-cancelable and Fees paid are non-refundable. (b) Subscriptions. Subscription Services are governed by the terms of the applicable Subscription Plan. If User exceeds the entitlement scope in the Subscription Plan, then except as stated otherwise in the Subscription Plan or agreed in writing between the parties, Stripe will charge User for the increased scope of use according to the Fees stated on the Stripe Pricing Page. (c) Updates to Fees and Subscription Plans. Subject to the requirements of Law, Stripe may revise the Fees and Subscription Plans at any time. Stripe will provide User with at least 30 days notice (or longer period if Law requires) of any increase in a Fee or any new Fees for any Service provided to User, or any materially adverse change in a Subscription Plan. (d) Fee Waivers. Stripe may offer a Service without charge, or waive a Fee for that Service, and may start charging a Fee for that Service upon at least 30 days notice (or longer period if Law requires) to User. Taxes may still be collected on waived Fees. (e) Free Trials. Stripe may make certain Services available to User on a trial basis free of charge until (i) the expiration or termination of the free trial, at which point the Fees stated on the Stripe Pricing Page will apply, or (ii) the start of any Subscription Plan that User has purchased, at which point that Subscription Plan will automatically commence. Free trials may be subject to additional Taxes, terms and conditions, as communicated to User by Stripe. (f) Fee Credits. If User receives a Fee Credit, then the Stripe Fee Credit Terms apply to the Fee Credit. 7.2 Collection of Fees and Other Amounts. (a) User must pay, or ensure that Stripe is able to collect, Fees, Taxes, and other amounts User owes to Stripe under this Agreement, or under any other agreement with a Stripe Entity, when due. (b) Stripe may collect all amounts owed by User by deducting them from UserŌĆÖs Stripe Account balance, charging UserŌĆÖs primary Payment Method (e.g., a credit card), or invoicing User for those amounts. (c) If a Stripe Entity is unable to collect any amounts due by a User Entity to a Stripe Entity, or if a User EntityŌĆÖs Stripe Account balance is negative or does not contain funds sufficient to pay the amounts due by the User Entity to a Stripe Entity, then Stripe or its Affiliate may, to the extent Law permits, deduct, recoup or setoff these amounts from any of the following: (i) if established and applicable, a Reserve of any User Entity; (ii) funds payable by a Stripe Entity to a User Entity; (iii) the Stripe Account balance of a User Entity; (iv) each User Bank Account (if any); and (v) a backup User-selected Payment Method. (d) If the currency of the amount being deducted is different from the currency of the amount User owes, Stripe may deduct an amount equal to the amount owed (using StripeŌĆÖs conversion rate), together with the fees Stripe incurs in making the conversion. (e) If Stripe believes it transferred funds to User in error, Stripe may deduct, recoup or setoff those funds in accordance with this Agreement. 7.3 Taxes. (a) Exclusion of Taxes. The Fees exclude all Taxes, except as the Stripe Pricing Page or other documents expressly state to the contrary. (b) UserŌĆÖs Tax Responsibilities . User has sole responsibility and liability for: (i) determining which, if any, Taxes or fees apply to the sale of its products and services, acceptance of donations, or payments it receives in connection with its use of the Services; and (ii) assessing, collecting, reporting, and remitting Taxes for its business to the appropriate tax and revenue authorities. (c) Payment of Taxes. (i) If Stripe is required by Law to collect or withhold any Taxes, Stripe may deduct those Taxes from the amount otherwise owed to User and pay those Taxes to the appropriate taxing authority. If User is exempt from paying, or is otherwise eligible to pay a reduced rate on, those Taxes, User may provide to Stripe a copy of the original certificate that satisfies applicable legal requirements attesting to its tax-exempt status or reduced rate eligibility, in which case Stripe will not deduct the Taxes that certificate covers. (ii) User must provide accurate information regarding its tax affairs as Stripe reasonably requests, and must promptly notify Stripe if any information that Stripe prepopulates is inaccurate or incomplete. Stripe may send documents to User and taxing authorities for transactions processed using the Services; specifically, Stripe may be required under Law to file periodic informational returns with taxing authorities related to UserŌĆÖs use of the Services. User agrees that Stripe may send tax-related information electronically to User. 7.4 User Bank Account. If Stripe requires User to link a User Bank Account with Stripe in connection with UserŌĆÖs use of the Services, then: (a) User must: (i) designate at least one User Bank Account in connection with the Services, (ii) be the named account holder of each User Bank Account, (iii) maintain each User Bank Account in a country approved by Stripe for Bank Account maintenance, and (iv) maintain authorization to initiate settlements to and debits from each User Bank Account, consistent with Section 7.5 (Debit Authorization). (b) User must not grant or assign to any third party any lien on or interest in funds that may be owed to User related to this Agreement until the funds are deposited into a User Bank Account. 7.5 Debit Authorization. Without limiting Section 7.2 of these General Terms, User authorizes Stripe to debit and credit each User Bank Account without separate notice, and according to the applicable User Bank Account Debit Authorization, to collect amounts User or another User Entity owes under this Agreement. If Stripe is unable to collect those amounts by debiting a User Bank Account, then User immediately grants to Stripe a new, original authorization to debit each User Bank Account without notice and according to the applicable User Bank Account Debit Authorization. Stripe may rely on this authorization to make one or more attempts to collect all or a subset of the amounts owed. UserŌĆÖs authorization under this Section will remain in full force and effect until (i) all User Entity Stripe Accounts are closed; or (ii) all fees and other amounts User owes under this Agreement are paid, whichever occurs later. If applicable debit scheme authorization rules grant User the right to revoke UserŌĆÖs debit authorization, then to the extent Law permits, User waives that right. 8. Limitation of Liability. 8.1 Nature of Claims and Failure of Essential Purpose. The exclusions and limitations in this Section 8 (Limitation of Liability) apply regardless of the legal theory or form of action and will survive and apply even if any limited remedy in this Agreement fails of its essential purpose. 8.2 Disclaimers. Stripe provides the Services and Stripe Technology ŌĆ£as isŌĆØ, and to the maximum extent permitted by Law, Stripe does not make any, and disclaims all, warranties (other than those stated as a ŌĆ£warrantyŌĆØ in this Agreement) and statutory guarantees, the implied warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability and non-infringement, and the implied warranties arising from any course of dealing, course of performance or usage in trade. Stripe does not warrant that UserŌĆÖs use of the Services and Stripe Technology will be uninterrupted or error-free or that User's use of the Services and Stripe Technology comply with Law. Stripe is not liable for delays, failures or problems inherent in use of the internet and electronic communications or other systems outside StripeŌĆÖs control. 8.3 Limitation on Indirect Liability. Except for Excluded Claims, to the maximum extent permitted by Law, neither party will have any liability in relation to this Agreement for any indirect, consequential, special, reliance, incidental, or punitive damages, lost revenue, profits, savings or goodwill, business interruption, personal injury, property damage, or loss of data, whether in contract, negligence, strict liability, tort, or other legal or equitable theory, even if these losses, damages, or costs are foreseeable, and whether or not any party has been advised of their possibility. 8.4 Liability Cap. Except for Excluded Claims, a partyŌĆÖs total aggregate liability for damages and Losses for all claims arising out of or relating to the Agreement (including Data Incident Losses) is limited to the total Fees User paid to Stripe (excluding all pass-through fees levied by Financial Providers) during the 12 month period before the first event giving rise to liability. UserŌĆÖs payment obligations, including Fees, Assessed Fines and Taxes are not limited by this Section 8.4. 9. Indemnification. 9.1 Indemnities. (a) General Indemnities. Subject to Section 9.2 (Limitations on Indemnity), User will indemnify Stripe, its Affiliates, and their directors, employees, and agents for all Losses arising from UserŌĆÖs use of the Services or Stripe Technology, gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud, or material breach of the Agreement. (b) IP Indemnities. (i) Indemnity. Subject to Section 9.2 (Limitations on Indemnity), each party will indemnify the other party, its Affiliates, and their directors, employees, and agents for all Losses, to the extent they arise from an IP Claim, except that this indemnification obligation does not apply if the indemnified party uses the Materials in combination with other materials not provided by the indemnifying party (if the Materials the indemnifying party provided would not infringe absent the combination). (ii) Remedial Actions. If an IP Claim arises, the indemnifying party may, at its sole discretion and expense (i) modify the Materials it provided to be non-infringing, replace them with non-infringing alternatives, or obtain a license for the indemnified party to continue using the Materials; or (ii) upon 30 daysŌĆÖ notice, terminate the indemnified partyŌĆÖs use of the infringing Materials. (iii) Exclusive Remedies. This Section 9.1(b) states the indemnifying partyŌĆÖs entire liability to the indemnified parties, and the indemnified partiesŌĆÖ sole and exclusive rights and remedies, with respect to an IP Claim. 9.2 Limitations on Indemnity. An indemnifying partyŌĆÖs obligations under Section 9.1 do not apply to the extent that the Claim or Losses arise out of an indemnified partyŌĆÖs negligence, fraud, willful misconduct, or breach of this Agreement. 9.3 Defense of Claims. If the indemnified party seeks to enforce an indemnity under this Agreement, it must promptly notify the indemnifying party of the applicable Claim and allow the indemnifying party to take exclusive control of its defense and settlement. The indemnified party must cooperate with and provide reasonable assistance to the indemnifying party in conducting such defense and settlement, at the indemnifying party's expense. The indemnifying party will control the defense and settlement at its expense, but will not enter into any settlement that imposes any obligation on the indemnified party (other than payment of money, which the indemnifying party must pay) without the indemnified partyŌĆÖs prior written consent. An indemnified partyŌĆÖs delay or failure in notifying the indemnifying party of a Claim will not relieve the indemnifying party of its indemnity obligations, except to the extent the indemnifying party has been prejudiced by such delay or failure. 10. Suspension; Termination. 10.1 Suspension and Termination. (a) Termination by User. (i) Termination for Convenience. User may terminate this Agreement at any time by closing its Stripe Account via the Stripe Dashboard. (ii) Termination for Cause. User may terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to Stripe if Stripe materially breaches this Agreement and, if capable of cure, does not cure the breach within 10 days after receiving notice specifying the breach. (b) Suspension and Termination by Stripe. (i) Suspension. Stripe may immediately suspend UserŌĆÖs access to the Stripe Technology and use of any or all of the Services if: (1) Stripe reasonably believes that by providing the Services to User, Stripe or User will violate any Law or Governmental Authority requirement or directive or, if applicable, Financial Provider Terms; (2) a User Insolvency Event occurs; (3) User breaches this Agreement or any other agreement between the parties; (4) Stripe reasonably believes UserŌĆÖs activity degrades, or may degrade, the security, privacy, stability or reliability of the Stripe services, Stripe Technology or any third partyŌĆÖs system (e.g., UserŌĆÖs involvement in a distributed denial of service attack); (5) Stripe reasonably believes User is engaged in a business or activity that may be unlawful, enables or facilitates (or may enable or facilitate) illegal or prohibited transactions, may be harmful to a third party, or otherwise presents an unacceptable risk to Stripe; (6) Stripe reasonably believes UserŌĆÖs activity increases, or may increase, the rate of fraud that Stripe observes; (7) User does not promptly respond to StripeŌĆÖs request for User Information; or (8) User does not promptly update its implementation of the Services or Stripe Technology to the latest production version Stripe recommends or requires. (ii) Termination. (1) Termination for Convenience. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, Stripe may terminate this Agreement or close UserŌĆÖs Stripe Account at any time. Stripe will notify User in accordance with Law. (2) Termination for Cause . Stripe may immediately terminate this Agreement or revoke access to any part of the Services or Stripe Technology if (A) User materially breaches this Agreement and, if capable of cure, does not cure the breach within 10 days after receiving notice specifying the breach or (B) any event listed in Section 10.1(b)(i) of these General Terms occurs. Stripe will notify User in accordance with Law. 10.2 Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement, UserŌĆÖs rights to use the Services and the Stripe Technology immediately cease. User must immediately cease accessing the Services and delete all license keys, access keys and copies of Stripe Technology. In no event will termination relieve User of its obligation to pay any amounts payable to Stripe for the period prior to the effective date of termination. Unless stated to the contrary, termination of this Agreement will not affect any other agreement between the parties or their Affiliates. 10.3 Survival. The following will survive termination of this Agreement: (a) UserŌĆÖs obligation to pay Fees; (b) Sections 3 (Stripe Account Security), 5.1 (Ownership; Intellectual Property Rights), 5.2 (Feedback), 7 (Fees; Taxes; User Bank Account), to the extent applicable to Services provided or to Transactions submitted during the Term; 8 (Limitation of Liability), 9 (Indemnification), 10.2 (Effect of Termination),11.2 (Notices and Communications), 11.3 (Governing Law); 11.4 (Dispute Resolution; Agreement to Arbitrate), 11.7 (Entire Agreement), 11.8 (Modification), 11.9 (Order of Precedence), 11.10 (Assignment), 11.11 (Severability), 11.12 (Waivers), 11.13 (Force Majeure), 11.14 (No Agency), 11.15 (Cumulative Rights; Injunctions), 11.17 (Interpretation), 12 (Definitions), to the extent used in a surviving clause, 13 (Regional Terms); (c) Section 4 (Privacy and Data Use), for so long as Stripe or User holds Stripe Data or Personal Data, as applicable; (d) the DPA, for so long as Stripe holds Personal Data or Protected Data, except for provisions regarding a Data Incident where User is the data custodian, which will survive for as long as User holds Stripe Data or Personal Data; and (e) trade secrets, indefinitely, and all other confidentiality obligations, for 3 years after the date of termination. 11. General Provisions. 11.1 Compliance with Law. Each party must comply with all Laws applicable to its business in its performance of obligations or exercise of rights under this Agreement. User is solely responsible for evaluating and configuring the Services to comply with User's legal obligations. 11.2 Notices and Communications. Notices to Stripe. Unless this Agreement states otherwise, for notices to Stripe, contact Stripe. A notice User sends to Stripe is deemed to be received when Stripe receives it. Communications to User. User consents to electronic communications as described in the E-SIGN Disclosure , which is incorporated into this Agreement by this reference. Stripe also may send User Communications by physical mail or delivery service to the postal address listed in the applicable Stripe Account. A Communication Stripe sends to User is deemed received by User on the earliest of (i) when posted to the Stripe Website or Stripe Dashboard; (ii) when sent by text message or email; and (iii) three business days after being sent by physical mail or when delivered, if sent by delivery service. 11.3 Governing Law. This Agreement and any disputes between User and Stripe will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Governing Law as specified in the Regional Terms, without giving effect to its conflict of law principles. 11.4 Dispute Resolution; Agreement to Arbitrate. (a) Binding Arbitration. (i) Claims Subject to Arbitration. Except as stated otherwise in Section 11.4(a)(ii) or the Regional Terms, all disputes, claims, and controversies, whether based on past, present, or future events, including those arising out of or relating to statutory or common law and the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity of any provision of this Agreement, will be determined by binding arbitration by a single arbitrator. (ii) Claims Not Subject to Arbitration. All disputes, claims, and controversies principally related to a partyŌĆÖs IP Rights will be resolved by litigation. The parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts specified in the Regional Terms for these disputes, claims, and controversies. (iii) Non-waiver of Arbitration. Making claims with law enforcement or governmental enforcement agencies, exercising any self-help remedies (such as setoff rights), or seeking injunctive relief or provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction, does not constitute a waiver of any right to compel arbitration. (iv) Procedural Matters. Arbitration will be conducted in English. The Regional Terms specify the seat of the arbitration and the applicable arbitration rules and procedure. (v) Provision of an Award. Subject to the limitations of liability in this Agreement, the arbitrator may award monetary damages and any other remedies allowed by the Governing Law. The arbitrator will not have the authority to modify any term or provision of this Agreement. The arbitrator will deliver a reasoned, written decision with respect to the dispute to each party. (vi) Final and Binding. Any award will be final and binding on the parties and will be deemed to have been made at the seat of arbitration, and each party will act promptly in accordance with the award. (vii) Enforcement. Any award (including interim or final remedies) may be confirmed in or enforced by any court having jurisdiction over either party or its assets, including the courts identified in the jurisdiction and venue provision in the Regional Terms. (b) Notice of Disputes. Before commencing arbitration, the party asserting a claim must send a written notice of dispute to the other party. All dispute notices to Stripe must be sent to notices@stripe.com. All dispute notices to User must be sent to the email address listed on the applicable Stripe Account. All notices must (i) provide UserŌĆÖs name, email address, mailing address, and Stripe account ID (if any); (ii) describe the nature and factual and legal basis of the dispute; and (iii) detail the specific relief sought. If User appoints an attorney to submit its notice, User must provide written authorization allowing Stripe to discuss UserŌĆÖs dispute and account details with UserŌĆÖs attorney. Stripe may require User (or UserŌĆÖs attorney) to verify UserŌĆÖs identity and confirm UserŌĆÖs authorization to disclose account information. User will cooperate with any reasonable verification request. After notice of arbitration is provided, the parties will meet for the purpose of resolving the dispute and, if the dispute is not resolved within 30 days of the notice, then a party may commence arbitration in accordance with the applicable rules. (c ) Confidentiality of Arbitration . The parties will keep confidential the existence of the arbitration, the details of the arbitration proceeding, the hearing, and the arbitratorŌĆÖs decision except: (i) as necessary to prepare for and conduct the arbitration hearing; (ii) in connection with a court application for a preliminary remedy, confirmation, vacatur, or modification of an arbitratorŌĆÖs award; (iii) the Stripe Parties may disclose the arbitratorŌĆÖs decision in confidential settlement negotiations related to other disputes; (iv) as necessary to professional advisers that are subject to a strict duty of confidentiality; and (v) as Law otherwise requires. The parties, witnesses, and arbitrator will treat as confidential and will not disclose to any third person (other than witnesses or experts) any submissions, documentary, or other evidence produced in any arbitration, except as Law requires or if the evidence was obtained from the public domain or was otherwise obtained independently from the arbitration. (d) Conflict of Rules. In the case of a conflict between the provisions of this Section 11.4 and the applicable arbitration rules specified in the Regional Terms, the provisions of this Section 11.4 will prevail. 11.5 Legal Fees and Costs. In any dispute, litigation, arbitration, or other legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the arbitrator or court will award to the prevailing party, if any, its reasonable attorneysŌĆÖ fees and costs incurred in connection with such proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if User is liable for any amounts owed under this Agreement, User is also liable for all costs incurred by the other party (including but not limited to Stripe, if applicable) during collection of those amounts. Such collection costs include reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, costs of any arbitration or court proceeding, collection agency fees, applicable interest, and any other related costs. 11.6 Trade Control. User must not use or otherwise export, re-export, or transfer the Stripe Technology except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which the Stripe Technology was distributed and obtained, including by providing access to Stripe Technology (a) to any individual or entity ordinarily resident in a High-Risk Jurisdiction; or (b) to any High-Risk Person. By using the Stripe Technology, User represents and warrants that User is not (i) located in or organized under the laws of any High-Risk Jurisdiction; (ii) a High-Risk Person; or (iii) owned 50% or more, or controlled, by individuals and entities (x) located in or, as applicable, organized under the laws of any High-Risk Jurisdiction; or (y) any of whom or which is a High-Risk Person. User must not use the Services or Stripe Technology for any purposes prohibited by Law, including the development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons. 11.7 Entire Agreement. The Agreement, together with any separate written agreement relating to Fees, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the Services, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings. 11.8 Modification. Stripe may modify this Agreement (or any portion of it) at any time by posting a revised version of the modified portion(s) on the Stripe Legal Page or by notifying User. The modified Agreement is effective upon posting or as stated in the notice, if Stripe notifies User. By continuing to use Services after the effective date of any modification to this Agreement, User agrees to be bound by the modified Agreement. User is responsible for checking the Stripe Legal Page regularly for modifications to this Agreement. Except as this Agreement otherwise allows, this Agreement may not be modified except in writing signed by the parties. 11.9 Order of Precedence. If any term in these General Terms conflicts with a term in any Service Terms or terms incorporated by reference into this Agreement, then unless terms of lower precedence expressly state to the contrary, the order of precedence is: (a) the Service Terms; (b) these General Terms; and (c) all terms incorporated by reference into this Agreement. 11.10 Assignment. User may not assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without StripeŌĆÖs prior consent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). However, User may assign this Agreement in its entirety to its successor resulting from a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of UserŌĆÖs assets or voting securities, provided that User provides Stripe with prompt written notice of the assignment and the assignee agrees in writing to assume all of UserŌĆÖs obligations under this Agreement and complies with StripeŌĆÖs procedural and documentation requirements to give effect to the assignment. To request StripeŌĆÖs consent to assign this Agreement, please contact us. Any attempt by User to transfer or assign this Agreement, except as expressly authorized above, will be void. Stripe may assign and transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement (in whole or in part) without UserŌĆÖs consent. This Agreement will be binding on, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the parties and their permitted assigns. 11.11 Severability. If any court or Governmental Authority determines a provision of this Agreement is unenforceable, the parties intend that this Agreement be enforced as if the unenforceable provision were not present and that any partially valid and enforceable provision be enforced to the extent that it is enforceable. 11.12 Waivers. A waiver must be in writing signed by the waiving party to be effective. A partyŌĆÖs failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of that partyŌĆÖs rights to subsequently enforce the provision. 11.13 Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable for any failure or delay in performance to the extent caused by a Force Majeure Event. Nothing in this Section 11.13 will excuse UserŌĆÖs payment obligations to Stripe. 11.14 No Agency. Each party to this Agreement, and each Financial Provider (if applicable), is an independent contractor. Nothing in this Agreement serves to establish a partnership, joint venture, general agency, trust, or fiduciary relationship between Stripe and User, or with any Financial Provider. If this Agreement expressly establishes an agency relationship between User as principal and a Stripe Entity as agent, the agency conferred, including UserŌĆÖs rights as principal and a Stripe Entity's obligations as agent, is limited strictly to the stated appointment and purpose and implies no duty to User, or a Stripe Entity, and will in no event establish an agency relationship for tax purposes. User further acknowledges that Stripe will not be subject to any fiduciary duties or obligations to User or to any other person, or any other duties or obligations except as expressly stated in this Agreement. 11.15 Cumulative Rights; Injunctions. The rights and remedies of the parties under this Agreement are cumulative. Each party may exercise any of its rights or remedies under this Agreement, along with all other rights and remedies available to it at Law or in equity. Any material breach by a party of Sections 2, 4, 5, and 6 could cause the non-breaching party irreparable harm for which the non-breaching party has no adequate remedies at Law. Accordingly, the non-breaching party is entitled to seek specific performance or injunctive relief for the breach. 11.16 Subcontractor and Affiliates. Stripe may use subcontractors or its Affiliates in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement. Stripe remains responsible for its overall performance under this Agreement and for having appropriate written agreements in place with its subcontractors and Affiliates to enable Stripe to meet its obligations under this Agreement. 11.17 Interpretation. (a) No provision of this Agreement will be construed against a party on the basis of that party being the drafter. (b) References to ŌĆ£includesŌĆØ or ŌĆ£includingŌĆØ not followed by ŌĆ£onlyŌĆØ or a similar word mean ŌĆ£includes, without limitationŌĆØ and ŌĆ£including, without limitation,ŌĆØ respectively. (c) All references in this Agreement to any terms, documents, Law, or Financial Provider Terms are to those items as they may be amended, supplemented, or replaced from time to time. All references to APIs and URLs are references to those APIs and URLs as they may be updated or replaced. (d) The section headings of this Agreement are only for convenience and have no interpretive value. (e) Unless expressly stated otherwise, any consent or approval that may be given by a party (i) is only effective if given in writing and in advance; and (ii) may be given or withheld in the partyŌĆÖs sole and absolute discretion. (f) References to ŌĆ£business daysŌĆØ means weekdays on which banks are generally open for business in the country in which Stripe is located. Unless specified as business days, all references in this Agreement to days, months, or years mean calendar days, calendar months, or calendar years. (g) Unless expressly stated to the contrary, when a party makes a decision or determination under this Agreement, that party has the right to use its sole discretion in making that decision or determination. (h) The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to this Agreement. 
 12. Definitions. ŌĆ£ Stripe ŌĆØ means the entity specified below for User's Stripe Account Country. Service Terms may address further additional or deviating Stripe entities for the respective Services. Americas Country / Region Stripe Contracting Entity United States Stripe, LLC Stripe Payments Company* Canada Stripe Payments Canada, Ltd.** Mexico Stripe Payments Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.** Brazil Stripe Brasil Solu├¦├Ąes de Pagamento - Institui├¦├Żo de Pagamento Ltda** Other countries in the Americas, to the extent Stripe offers Services in these countries Stripe, LLC *This Stripe entity is an additional party to the Agreement if stated in the applicable Stripe Financial Services Terms, or in other applicable Service Terms. **Stripe, LLC is an additional party to this Agreement solely for the purposes of processing Personal Data under Section 4 (Privacy and Data Use) of this Agreement. Europe, Middle East and Africa Country / Region Stripe Contracting Entity Countries in the European Economic Area: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden Stripe Payments Europe, Limited Stripe Technology Europe, Limited* Gibraltar, Switzerland, United Kingdom Stripe Payments Europe, Limited Stripe Payments UK Ltd* United Arab Emirates Stripe Payments Europe, Limited Other countries in Europe, Middle East and Africa, to the extent Stripe offers Services in these countries Stripe Payments Europe, Limited *This Stripe entity is an additional party to the Agreement if stated in the applicable Stripe Financial Services Terms, or in other applicable Service Terms. Asia Pacific Country / Region Stripe Contracting Entity Australia Stripe Payments Australia Pty Ltd.*** Hong Kong Stripe Payments Europe, Limited India Stripe India Private Ltd.*** Indonesia PT Stripe Payments Indonesia*** Japan Stripe Japan, Inc.*** Malaysia Stripe Payments Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.*** New Zealand Stripe New Zealand Limited*** Singapore Stripe Payments Singapore Pte. Ltd.*** Thailand Stripe Payments (Thailand) Ltd*** Other countries in Asia Pacific, to the extent Stripe offers Services in these countries Stripe Technology Company Limited*** ***Stripe Payments Europe, Limited is an additional party to this Agreement solely for the purposes of processing Personal Data under Section 4 (Privacy and Data Use) of this Agreement. ŌĆ£ Affiliate ŌĆØ means an entity that directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with another entity. ŌĆ£ API ŌĆØ means application programming interface. ŌĆ£ Assessed Fines ŌĆØ means assessments, penalties, fines, and fees imposed by Governmental Authorities or Financial Providers arising out of or relating to the use of the Services. ŌĆ£ Business Purpose ŌĆØ means the operational activities, functions, or objectives of User, including, but not limited to, activities relevant to carrying out its organizational, commercial, non-profit, or governmental mission. ŌĆ£ Change of Control ŌĆØ means (a) an event in which any third party or group acting together, directly or indirectly, acquires or becomes the beneficial owner of, more than 50% of a partyŌĆÖs voting securities or interests; (b) a partyŌĆÖs merger with one or more third parties; (c) a partyŌĆÖs sale, lease, transfer, or other disposal of all or substantially all of its assets; or (d) the entry into any transaction or arrangement that would have the same or similar effect as a transaction referred to in (a)-(c) of this definition; but, does not include an initial public offering or listing. ŌĆ£ Claim ŌĆØ means any claim, demand, government investigation, or legal proceeding that a third party makes or brings against any indemnified party. " Communication ŌĆØ means any written or electronic transmission of information or communication, including a notice, approval, consent, authorization, agreement, disclosure, or instruction. ŌĆ£ Confidential Information ŌĆØ means all information disclosed by a party (ŌĆ£ Disclosing Party ŌĆØ) to the other party (ŌĆ£ Receiving Party ŌĆØ), whether orally or in writing, that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure. ŌĆ£ Content ŌĆØ means all text, images, and other data (excluding Personal Data) or information that Stripe does not provide to User and that User uploads, publishes, uses, or provides to Stripe in connection with the Services. ŌĆ£ Control ŌĆØ means direct or indirect ownership of more than 50% of the voting power or equity in an entity. ŌĆ£ Customer ŌĆØ means UserŌĆÖs customer or donor. ŌĆ£ Data Incident ŌĆØ means an unauthorized or unlawful processing, use, access, loss, disclosure, destruction, or alteration of Personal Data in a partyŌĆÖs or its AffiliateŌĆÖs, or a partyŌĆÖs or its AffiliateŌĆÖs subcontractorŌĆÖs, agentŌĆÖs, or representativeŌĆÖs, possession or control. ŌĆ£ Data Incident Losses ŌĆØ means Losses arising from a Data Incident to the extent caused by (a) the indemnifying partyŌĆÖs material breach of this Agreement; (b) the indemnified partyŌĆÖs compliance with any instruction the indemnifying party gives related to Personal Data; or (c) the indemnifying partyŌĆÖs material violation of Law. ŌĆ£ Documentation ŌĆØ means the sample code, instructions, requirements, and other documentation (a) available on the Stripe Website, the first page of which is located at www.docs.stripe.com; and (b) included in the Stripe SDKs. ŌĆ£ DPA ŌĆØ means the data processing agreement located at www.stripe.com/legal/dpa . ŌĆ£E-SIGN Disclosure ŌĆØ means the E-SIGN Disclosure terms found on the Stripe Website. ŌĆ£ Excluded Claims ŌĆØ means: (a) a partyŌĆÖs gross negligence, fraud, or willful misconduct, (b) UserŌĆÖs breach of Section 1.2 (Restrictions), (c) a partyŌĆÖs breach of Section 6 (Confidentiality) but excluding Data Incident Losses, or (d) amounts payable under Section 9.1 (Indemnities). ŌĆ£ Feedback ŌĆØ means ideas, suggestions, comments, observations, and other input regarding the Services and the Stripe Technology. ŌĆ£ Fees ŌĆØ means the fees and charges applicable to the Services. ŌĆ£ Financial Provider ŌĆØ means an entity that provides financial services and with which a Stripe Entity interacts to provide the Services. ŌĆ£ Force Majeure Event ŌĆØ means an event beyond the reasonable control of the affected party, including a strike or other labor dispute or labor shortage, stoppage, or slowdown; supply chain disruption; embargo or blockade; telecommunication breakdown; power outage or shortage; inadequate transportation service; inability or delay in obtaining adequate supplies; weather; earthquake; fire; flood; natural disaster; act of God; riot; civil disorder; civil or government calamity; epidemic; pandemic; state, national, or international health crisis; war; invasion; hostility (whether war is declared or not); terrorism threat or act; Law; or act of a Governmental Authority. ŌĆ£ General Terms ŌĆØ means the preamble and Sections 1 through 13 of this Stripe Services Agreement. ŌĆ£ Governmental Authority ŌĆØ means a regulator or other governmental agency or entity with jurisdiction over the Services, Stripe, or User, as applicable. ŌĆ£ High-Risk Jurisdiction ŌĆØ means any jurisdiction or administrative region that Stripe has deemed to be of particularly high risk, as identified in Stripe's Prohibited and Restricted Businesses List . ŌĆ£ High-Risk Person ŌĆØ means any individual or entity that Stripe has deemed to be of particularly high risk, as identified in Stripe's Prohibited and Restricted Businesses List . ŌĆ£ IP Claim ŌĆØ means: (a) where Stripe is the indemnifying party, a Claim by a third party that the indemnified partyŌĆÖs use of the Stripe Technology, Services, Stripe Marks, or any other Material that Stripe provided infringes the IP Rights of the third party; and (b) where User is the indemnifying party, a Claim by a third party that the indemnified partyŌĆÖs use of the User Marks or any other Material that User provided infringes the IP Rights of the third party. ŌĆ£ IP Rights ŌĆØ means all copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, moral rights, and other intellectual property rights recognized anywhere in the world. ŌĆ£ Law ŌĆØ means all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and other binding requirements of any Governmental Authority. ŌĆ£ Losses ŌĆØ means all amounts finally awarded to the third party making a Claim, and all penalties, fines, and reasonable third-party costs (including reasonable legal fees) paid by the indemnified parties, to the extent arising from the Claim. ŌĆ£ Mark ŌĆØ means a trademark, service mark, design mark, logo or stylized script. ŌĆ£ Materials ŌĆØ means any software, hardware, documents, data, Marks, inventions, or other materials provided by a party. ŌĆ£ Payment Method ŌĆØ means a payment method that Stripe accepts as part of the Stripe Payments Services (e.g., a Visa credit card, Klarna). ŌĆ£ Payment Method Provider ŌĆØ means the provider of a Payment Method (e.g., Visa Inc., Klarna Bank AB). ŌĆ£ Payment Method Rules ŌĆØ means the publicly available guidelines, bylaws, rules, and regulations a Payment Method Provider imposes that describe how a Payment Method may be accepted and used. ŌĆ£ Personal Data ŌĆØ means any information relating to an identifiable natural person that is Processed (as defined in the Data Processing Agreement) in connection with the Services, and includes ŌĆ£personal dataŌĆØ as defined in the GDPR and ŌĆ£personal informationŌĆØ as defined in the CCP