 US Customer Agreement - Wise Personal Wise Account The international account for sending, spending and converting money like a local. Explore Features Send money Send large amounts Receive money Get a Wise Multi-Currency Card Receive interest Pricing Personal pricing Business Wise Business The only account your start-up or scale-up needs to thrive internationally. Explore Features Send money Receive money Get a Wise Multi-Currency Card Receive interest Manage team finances Connect accounting software Resources Explore API integrations Explore demo Contact sales Pricing Business pricing Platform Wise Platform Where banks, financial institutions and enterprises can plug into our network. Explore Products Send Receive Issue cards Multi-currency accounts Industries Banks & financial institutions Education platforms Marketplaces Spend management Travel platforms Workforce platforms Events Register for Wise Connect Developers Explore API documentation en en Help Log in Sign up Sign up Customer Agreement Wise US Inc. Last updated: 14 May 2026 - Version 1.3 Go back If you are a business, please see our Business Customer Agreement. 
 Welcome to Wise 
 This Customer Agreement applies to our products and Services. It describes the rights and obligations of you and us and forms a legally binding contract between you and Wise when you register and use our services such as sending money to your friends and family or holding a balance with us.
 IMPORTANT THINGS TO KNOW 
 This Agreement contains a Dispute Resolution provision, at Section 28, which waives jury trials and class actions and allows either you or Wise to choose to have a dispute resolved in arbitration on an individual basis. You may opt out of arbitration within 21 days of opening your Account by following the instructions in Section 28.2.9. 
 You must be at least 18 years old to use our services and when you do, you are agreeing to these terms. If you don’t agree you must not use our Services. 
 You can access and use our Services via our website or App or through social media, API or an authorized third party. 
 Our Pricing Page shows all our fees. You’ll always see our fees upfront. 
 There are certain types of business and transactions we do not support. 
 These are known as ‘ restricted activities ’ and we tell you about them in our Acceptable Use Policy . You must read this carefully to make sure you do not carry out any of these activities. If you do, we may stop you from using our Services. 
 When you use our Money Transfer service you might be doing business with another Wise entity depending on the currency. These Wise entities and the currencies that apply are listed here . 
 Your profile and Wise Account are for your personal use , you must keep your security details safe and not allow anyone else to use our Services on your behalf. 
 We might suspend your access to our Services if we think your profile or Wise Account might be compromised, you engage in a restricted activity or we believe you may have or will violate any applicable laws.
 If you have a complaint about our Services, please follow our Customer Complaint Procedure .
 We hope you enjoy using Wise, but if you want to stop using our Services or close your Wise Account you can contact Customer Support . 
 Contents 
 You may go directly to any section by selecting the appropriate link provided. Some capitalized terms have specific definitions in the Glossary. Underlined words in this Agreement contain hyperlinks to further information.
 1. About This Customer Agreement 
 2. Glossary 
 3. Who We Are and How To Contact Us? 
 4. Our Services Under This Agreement 
 5. Who Can Use Our Services? 
 6. Getting Started 
 7. Staying Safe While Using Our Services 
 8. Limits on How You Can Use Our Services 
 9. Closing Your Wise Account, Stopping Your Use of Wise, or Withdrawing Consent to Receive Communications Electronically 
 10. How Much Will You Pay? 
 11. Currency Conversion 
 12. Information About Your Wise Account 
 13. Withdrawing Funds From Your Wise Account 
 14. Reversals, Chargebacks, Unauthorized Transactions and Error Resolution 
 15. Maintaining Your Wise Account 
 16. Jars 
 17. Using or Spending Funds in Your Wise Account via Direct Debits 
 18. Sending Money 
 19. Paying For Your Money Transfer 
 20. Processing Your Money Transfer 
 21. Intellectual Property Rights 
 22. Wise App 
 23. Third Party Materials 
 24. Our Responsibility for Loss or Damage 
 25. Our Right to Make Changes 
 26. Complaints 
 27. General but Important Terms 
 28. Dispute Resolution 
 1. About This Customer Agreement 
 1.1 Who this Agreement Applies to. This Customer Agreement is a contract between you, as an individual (“ you ”) and Wise US Inc. (“ Wise/us/we ”), which defines the terms and conditions on which we provide our Services to you (the “ Agreement ”). This Agreement refers to and incorporates by reference additional documents (the “ Additional Documents ”), which also apply to your use of our Services, including: 
 This Agreement refers to and incorporates by reference additional documents (the “ Additional Documents ”), which also apply to your use of our Services, including: 
 (a) Our Acceptable Use Policy , which sets out the allowed and restricted uses of our Services; 
 (b) Our Pricing Page , which sets out our pricing and how it works; 
 (c) Our Privacy Policy , which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect about you, or that you provide to us; and 
 (d) Our Electronic Communications Policy , which describes how Wise delivers communications to you electronically. 
 1.2 Acceptance of Terms. By using our Services, you confirm that you accept and agree to this Agreement in its most current form as posted on our Website, App or by an API Partner. If you do not agree, you must not use our Services. 
 1.3 Non-USD Transfers. When paying for a Money Transfer in a currency other than US Dollars (USD), you may be doing business with a different Wise entity as listed here . In those cases, your money will be held in accordance with the regulations and licenses applicable to such entities. 
 1.4 Precedence of Terms. Where there are any differences between this Agreement, the Additional Documents, or information we provide on our Website, App or via an API Partner, the terms in this Agreement will take priority. 
 1.5 Additional Terms for Certain Services. To receive some of our Services, such as our Assets products, you may be asked to agree to additional terms and conditions which we will tell you about before you use that service. 
 1.6 How this Agreement Applies to You. If you only use our Services to make Money Transfers or maintain a profile with Wise without a Wise Account, then you agree to this Agreement each time you use our service in this way. When you open a Wise Account, this Agreement applies to that Wise Account while the Wise Account is open. 
 1.7 Future Changes. We may update this Agreement as set out in Section 25 " Our Right to Make Changes ." 
 1.8 Availability. You can always see the most current version of this Agreement on our Website . If you would like a copy of this Agreement, you can contact Customer Support ​. 
 2. Glossary 
 2.1 In this Agreement, capitalized words are defined in parenthesis within the Agreement or Additional Documents, have the meaning set out below: 
 API means the application programming interface provided by Wise, for example, through an API Partner. 
 API Partner means a business we have partnered with for Wise to offer our Services through their website, mobile application or similar. 
 App means our mobile application software, the data supplied with the software, and the associated media. 
 Business Day means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or a Federal holiday in the United States when Wise is open for business. 
 Card means a card issued on a Wise Account by the bank on the back of your card. 
 Chargeback means the person sending you the money has made a claim to their bank or payment provider that money was sent to you illegitimately, or the payment to Wise fails due to insufficient funds, account closed or any other reason. 
 Day means a calendar day. 
 Direct Debit means an instruction from a customer to their payment service provider​ authorizing collection of varying amounts from the customer’s account, if the customer has been given advance notice of the collection amounts and dates under the Automated Clearing House System. 
 Group(s) or Group Spending means a feature designed for Wise customers who wish to share and spend their finances with other Wise customers, such as friends and family. 
 Intellectual Property means (i) rights in, and in relation to, any trademarks, logos, patents, registered designs, design rights, copyright and related rights, moral rights, databases, domain names, utility models, and including registrations and applications for, and renewals or extensions of, such rights, and similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection in any part of the world; (ii) rights in the nature of unfair competition rights and to sue for passing off and for past infringement; and (iii) trade secrets, confidentiality and other proprietary rights, including rights to know how and other technical information. 
 Jar(s) means a sub account within the Wise Account that can be used to segregate a portion of your funds. 
 Money Transfer also called Send Money, means a direct transfer of funds paid by you, without using funds in your Wise Account, to a designated recipient that is sent using Wise. In some currencies, you may only be able to convert and send funds using your Wise Account and cannot make a direct Money Transfer. See our guide here . 
 Reversal means the funds received by you are reversed, returned, or clawed back for any reason. For example, due to insufficient funds or account closure. 
 Services means all products, services, content, features, technologies, or functions offered by us and all related websites, applications (including the App), and service models (including the Website and via an API Partner), and including the Wise Account, the currency conversion, and Money Transfer offerings. 
 Website means any Wise webpage, including but not limited to www.wise.com , where we provide the Services to you. 
 Wise Account means a multi-currency account held by customers at Wise, which may include a Jar. 
 3. Who We Are and How To Contact Us? 
 3.1 Company Information. Wise US Inc. is a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware. Our registered office is located at 30 W 26th Street, Floor 6, New York, NY 10010. This office is for Wise employees only and is not publicly open to you or any other customers or members of the public. 
 3.2 Licensing. In the United States, we are licensed as a money transmitter in the states listed here . We only offer our Services in the states in which we are licensed or in the states that do not currently require us to be licensed to provide our Services. In other US states, we only offer services in conjunction with our partner financial institution(s). The terms and conditions governing those services are located here . 
 3.3 How to Contact Us. You can contact us by email, web chat, by calling 1-844-926-4389, by logging into your Wise Account, or through our Help Center . 
 USING OUR SERVICES 
 4. Our Services Under This Agreement 
 4.1 Overview. Each of our Services works slightly differently, here we provide an overview of the services covered by this Agreement and the terms that apply to all the Services under this Agreement. You should carefully read the section of the Service you intend to use: 
 (a) Converting Currency. You can convert one currency to another either as a Money Transfer, using your Wise Account or spending on your Card. 
 (b) Your Wise Account. Wise Account is a multi-currency account that allows you to hold, spend, send, and receive money as well as convert currency. Where possible you may also have a Card. 
 (c) Money Transfer. You don’t need to have a Wise Account to send money. You can carry out a Money Transfer when you log into Wise subject to our terms. 
 5. Who Can Use Our Services? 
 5.1 Age Requirement. You must be an individual and at least 18 years old to use our Services. 
 5.2 One Wise Account and One profile. You may only open one Wise Account and one profile. 
 5.3 Transacting on Your Own Account. All activities under a Wise Account or Wise profile shall be considered activities conducted by you. You agree to only use the Services to transact on your own account and not on behalf of any other person or entity. You must not allow others to access or use the Services or your Wise Account on your behalf. 
 6. Getting Started 
 6.1 Using Our Services. To start using our Services, you must create a profile and provide certain information as prompted by us. 
 6.2 Accurate Information. All information you provide to us must be complete, accurate and truthful. You must update this information whenever it changes. We cannot be responsible for any loss arising out of your failure to do so. We may ask you at any time to confirm the accuracy of your information and/or provide additional supporting documents. 
 6.3 Customer Due Diligence Checks. We are required by law to conduct certain security and customer due diligence checks on you to provide any Services to you and allow you to have and maintain a Wise Account. Sometimes, we might also need to perform checks on other parties involved in a particular transaction (for example, on your recipient). 
 6.4 Disclosure. We will disclose information to third parties about your account or the transfers you make: (i) where it is necessary for completing transfers, or (ii) in order to verify the existence and condition of your account for a third party, such as a credit bureau or merchant, or (iii) in order to comply with government agency or court orders, or (iv) if you give us your written permission, or (v) as otherwise necessary to fulfill our obligations under this Agreement. 
 6.5 Important Information about Procedures for Opening a New Account. To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law, under the USA PATRIOT ACT, requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that when you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents. 
 6.6 Information Requests. You agree to comply with any request from us for further information and provide such information in a format acceptable to us. In addition, you agree that we may make, directly or through any third party, any inquiries we consider necessary to validate the information you provided to us, including checking commercial databases or credit reports. In the event that we need to obtain your credit report, we will contact you regarding permission prior to requesting the report. You agree we may disclose certain information about you, including your name, residential address, and date of birth to a credit reporting agency to obtain a credit report for these purposes. 
 6.7 Account Restrictions. Wise reserves the right to close, suspend, or limit access to your Wise Account or our Services in the event we are unable to obtain or verify any information related to you or your transaction. 
 6.8 Additional Features. Wise may offer additional features to enhance your Wise Account from time to time, such as connections to third party accounting software. We may stop offering those at any time without prior notice to you. 
 7. Staying Safe While Using Our Services 
 7.1 General Guidance. We recommend you use the Services to send money to friends, family and trusted and verified businesses and third parties that are known to you or that you have already done business with. You should be cautious when sending money to the recipients you don’t know and have never dealt with before. 
 7.2 When accessing your Wise Account or profile, you should at a minimum do the following: 
 (a) Change your password regularly and ensure that it is not reused for other online accounts. 
 (b) Never share your login details with anyone else. This includes the membership number, password or other security credentials. If you suspect that your account may be accessed by someone else, contact Customer Support . We will never ask you for your password. 
 (c) Always use strong passwords, for example ones that use a mixture of letters, numbers, and symbols. Here is recommended guidance you can follow. 
 (d) Set up 2-step authentication, if applicable. 
 (e) Keep your email account secure. You may reset your password using your email address. Let Customer Support know immediately if your email account becomes compromised. 
 (f) Regularly update the App on your device to the latest version available. 
 (g) Regularly update your device’s browser to the latest version available. 
 (h) Maintain your device’s operating systems with regular security updates provided by the operating system provider. 
 (i) Install and maintain the latest anti-virus software on your device, where applicable. 
 (j) It is essential to ensure every time you are entering your Wise username and password that it is only ever on our official App (downloaded from the iOS or Android store) or if via a browser, at wise.com. Emails and SMS messages sent by fraudsters may lead to fake login portals that could phish your login information and 2-step authentication details. Similarly, criminals can place malicious adverts on search engines that lead to fake websites of trusted businesses, including Wise. More information on how to avoid falling for phishing scams can be found on our website here . 
 (k) If you suspect you have become a victim of a scam, contact our Customer Support . 
 7.3 You must NOT: 
 (a) Disclose your login credentials or your 2-step authentication details to anyone. You must keep them safe. 
 (b) Let anyone access your Wise Account or profile, or watch you accessing it, including letting someone else take remote control of your device(s) . 
 (c) Use any functionality that allows your login details or passwords to be stored by the computer or browser you are using or to be cached or otherwise recorded. 
 (d) Do anything which may in any way avoid or compromise the 2-step authentication process. 
 7.4 Additional Services. Extra Services you use may have additional security requirements and you must familiarize yourself with those. 
 7.5 Your Responsibility. You are responsible for ensuring that your information technology, computer programs and platform is configured to access our Services. We cannot guarantee that our Services will be free from bugs or viruses. 
 8. Limits on How You Can Use Our Services 
 8.1 Personal Purposes. You may only use our Services for personal purposes and not as a business account or for business purposes. If you require a product or Service dedicated to business activities, you can open a Business Account with Wise. 
 8.2 You Must Not Misuse Or Systems. You must not misuse our systems by: 
 (a) Introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other materials which are malicious or technologically harmful. 
 (b) Taking any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our websites, software, systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any of the Services) operated by us or on our behalf, or attacking our Website, App or API with any type of denial-of-service attack. 
 (c) Using an anonymizing proxy; use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our websites without our prior written permission; or use any device, software, or routine to bypass our robot exclusion headers. 
 (d) Interfering, disrupting, or attempting to interfere or to gain unauthorized access to our Website, software, API, systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any of the Wise Services) operated by us or on our behalf, any of the Wise Services or other users’ use of any of the Wise Services. 
 8.3 You Must Not Misuse Our Services. You must not misuse our Services by: 
 (a) Breaching this Agreement, Additional Document, or any other agreement between you and any Wise entity. 
 (b) Violating any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation (for example, those governing financial services, consumer protections, unfair competition, anti-discrimination, or false advertising). 
 (c) Infringing Wise’s Intellectual Property. 
 (d) Acting in a manner that is defamatory, libellous, threatening or harassing. 
 (e) Providing false, inaccurate, or misleading information. 
 (f) Sending or receiving what we believe to be potentially fraudulently gained funds. 
 (g) Refusing to cooperate in an investigation or provide confirmation of your identity or any information requested by us. 
 (h) Attempting to “double dip” during a dispute or claim by receiving or attempting to receive funds from both Wise and a third party (e.g., a merchant), bank or card issuer for the same transaction. 
 (i) Using Wise’s Services in a manner that results in or may result in: 
 i. complaints to or about Wise. 
 ii. requests by third parties to invalidate payments made to you. 
 iii. fees, fines, penalties or other liability or losses to Wise, other Wise customers, third parties or you. 
 (j) Using our Services in a manner that Wise, a card network or any other electronic funds transfer network believes to be an abuse of the card system or a violation of card association or network rules. 
 (k) Allowing your Wise Account to have a negative balance. 
 (l) Accessing the Wise Services from a country that Wise is not permitted to operate . 
 (m) Taking any action that may cause us to lose any of the services from our internet service providers, payment processors, or other suppliers or service providers. 
 (n) Circumventing this Agreement or any Additional Document or Wise policy or determinations about your Wise Account such as temporary or indefinite suspensions or other account holds, limitations or restrictions, including, but not limited to, engaging in the following actions: 
 i. Attempting to open a new or additional Wise account(s) or profile(s) when an account has a negative balance or has been restricted, suspended, or otherwise limited. 
 ii. Opening new or additional Wise Accounts or profiles using information that is not your own (e.g., name, address, email address, etc.), or using someone else’s Wise Account. 
 iii. Harassing, being abusive towards and/or threatening Wise employees, agents, or other customers. 
 iv. Abusing a card network dispute resolution process. 
 8.4 Account Restriction. We may suspend your Wise Account or your access to our Services. We may suspend your Profile or Wise Account, or restrict its functionality if we have reasonable concerns about: 
 (a) the security of your Wise Account or your profile. 
 (b) suspected unauthorized or fraudulent use of your Wise Account or our Services; or 
 (c) suspected violations of this Agreement or the Additional Documents, including our Acceptable Use Policy . 
 8.5 Informing You on Account Restriction. We will give you notice of any suspension or restriction and the reasons for such suspension or restriction as soon as we can, either before the suspension or restriction is put in place, or soon after, unless notifying you would be unlawful or compromise our reasonable security measures. 
 8.6 Actions We May Take if You Misuse Our Services or Systems. If we believe that any of the activities listed in this Section 8 have been taken by you, we may take several actions to protect Wise, its customers and others, at any time and at our sole discretion. The actions we may take include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 (a) terminating this Agreement immediately. 
 (b) suspending your Wise Account or your profile, during which time your Wise Account and profile will remain open but is not able to be operated or may be subject to restrictions, or you may not be able to use our Services, until we remove the suspension; 
 (c) closing your Wise Account and terminating your access to our Services, which means your Wise Account is deactivated and/or your profile will not be available, without notice, and without penalty to us. 
 (d) reporting suspected breach of law, regulation, or criminal statute to the relevant law enforcement authorities, and we will cooperate with those authorities, including by disclosing your identity to them. 
 (e) refusing to provide our Services to you or your businesses or affiliates in the future. 
 (f) limiting your access to our Website, App, software, systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any of the Wise Services) operated by us or on our behalf, your Wise Account or any of the Services, including limiting your ability to pay, convert or send money with any of the payment methods linked to your Wise Account, restricting your ability to send money or make withdrawals. 
 (g) holding the balance in your Wise Account if reasonably needed to protect against the risk of liability or if we reasonably believe you have violated our Acceptable Use Policy , to the extent permitted by law. 
 (h) contacting your bank or credit card issuer, other impacted third parties, or law enforcement about your actions. 
 (i) updating inaccurate information, you provided us. 
 (j) taking legal action against you, including seeking damages and reimbursement for losses and fees. 
 8.7 Court Orders. If we are notified of a court order or other legal process (including garnishment or any equivalent process) affecting you, or if we otherwise believe we are required to do so in order to comply with court order, applicable law or regulatory requirements, we may be required to take certain actions, including holding payments to/from your Wise Account, placing a reserve or limitation on your Wise Account, or releasing your funds. We will decide, in our sole discretion, which action is required of us. Unless the court order, applicable law, regulatory requirement, or other legal process requires otherwise, we will attempt to notify you of these actions using the contact information that you have provided to us. We do not have an obligation to contest or appeal any court order or legal process involving you, your Wise Account, or your use of our Services. When we implement a hold, reserve, or limitation because of a court order, applicable law, regulatory requirement or other legal process, the hold, reserve, or limitation may remain in place as long as reasonably necessary, to the extent permitted by law. 
 9. Closing Your Wise Account, Stopping Your Use of Wise, or Withdrawing Consent to Receive Communications Electronically 
 9.1 Terminating Account. You may stop using Wise and/or close your Wise Account at any time. This Agreement continues until your Wise Account is terminated. You may close your Wise Account and/or end your ability to use our Services at any time by following the steps provided by us on our Website, App or via an API Partner. 
 9.2 Timely Withdrawal. If you want to close your Wise Account, you should withdraw your funds within a reasonable time. You must withdraw your funds before your Wise Account closes. At the time of closure, if you still have funds in your Wise Account, you will no longer have access to them, but you can still withdraw your money by contacting Customer Support​ . 
 9.3 Escheatment. Your Wise Account will be considered dormant if, for a continuous period of three (3) to five (5) years, depending on laws of your state of residence, you have not logged in, sent funds, received funds, or conducted other transactions that post to your Wise Account. If your account is considered dormant, Wise may deactivate or close your Wise Account. If you have funds in your deactivated or closed Wise Account and it is not reactivated prior to the escheatment period, the funds will be escheated (sent) to your state of residency. Wise will attempt to send you a notice prior to escheating any funds in your Wise Account. Wise will determine your state of residency based on the state listed in the primary address for your Wise Account. If your address is unknown or registered in a foreign country, your Wise Account balance will be escheated to the State of Delaware. If you would like to claim any escheated prepaid money from the applicable state, please contact the applicable state’s unclaimed property administrator. 
 9.4 Additional Checks on Remaining Funds. After closure or deactivation of your Wise Account, you may be subject to additional checks before Wise is able to return the funds back to you. 
 9.5 Impermissible Reasons for Account Closure. You must not close your Wise Account or delete your profile to evade an investigation (either by Wise or an enforcement agency) or if you have a pending transaction or an open dispute or claim. If you attempt to do this, we may hold your money for a period that is reasonably necessary to protect our or a third party’s interest. We may also prevent your account from being closed or delete your profile if you have a negative balance or if your Wise Account is subject to a hold, limitation, or reserve. 
 9.6 You Are Responsible For Your Wise Account After Closure. You agree that you will continue to be responsible for all obligations related to your Wise Account and your use of our Services, even after it is closed, or you have stopped using our Services. For example, if you have a negative balance with Wise, you will remain responsible for paying us even after your Wise Account is closed and/or you have deleted your profile. For more information, see Section 24.10 “ What Happens if You Owe Us Money. ” 
 9.7 Notice Termination. We may end this Agreement by giving you notice. We may terminate this Agreement and close your Wise Account or any Services associated with it at any time upon notice to you. 
 9.8 You Cannot Use the App if This Agreement Ends. On termination for any reason all rights granted to you in connection with the App shall cease, you must immediately delete or remove the App from your devices. 
 9.9 Withdrawing Consent to Receive Communications Electronically. You may withdraw your consent to receive Communications electronically at any time through our Help Center or by writing to: Wise US Inc., 30 W 26th Street, Floor 6, New York, NY 10010, ATTN: Wise Compliance. Should you choose to withdraw consent to receive Communications electronically, Wise will move forward with closing your account, which will be closed once all funds have been disbursed from the account. After consent is withdrawn, you will not be eligible to use our services. If you wish to reactivate your account and consent to electronic Communications, contact the Help Center . 
 10. How Much Will You Pay? 
 10.1 Fees Incurred. Registering for Wise and/or opening a personal Wise Account is free. You may incur a fee when you use parts of our Services such as sending money, converting currencies, getting a card, or receiving wire payments. You can find out more information about the fees we charge on the Pricing Page . 
 10.2 You Must Pay Our Fees. We may not process your transaction(s) or provide any other Services to you until we have received the fees from you. Our fees do not include any fees that an API Partner, your bank, the recipient’s bank or other third party may separately charge. You can find out more information about the fees we charge on the Pricing Page . 
 10.3 You Can See Our Fee Structure on the Pricing Page. The fees set out in our Pricing Page will be applicable to you when you use our Services and forms part of this Agreement. We may charge you a variable fee during periods of potential heightened volatility or unpredictability in the foreign exchange market, as determined by Wise. We will let you know if this fee is applicable when you set up your order. It is important that you read and agree to these fees before you use our Services. We may make changes to our fees as set out in “ Our right to make changes ”. 
 You can find a list of Wise's fees on the Wise Short Form Disclosure and Wise Long Form Disclosure as required by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Additionally, for Send Money transactions, Wise’s fees are outlined on the Combined Disclosure. 
 10.4 We Can Make Deductions for Amounts You Owe Us. You agree that we are authorized to deduct our fees, any applicable Reversal amounts, or any amounts you owe us from your Wise Account, including negative Wise Account balances and funds held in a Jar. If you don’t have sufficient funds in your Wise Account to cover these amounts, we may refuse to execute pending or future transactions or provide any Services to you and may deduct funds sent to us for Services in the future. 
 10.5 Taxes Are Your Responsibility. You are responsible for any taxes which may be due by you because of your use of our Services, and it is your responsibility to collect, report and pay the correct tax to the appropriate tax authority. 
 10.6 API Partner Fees. An API Partner may charge a fee for the convenience of using our Services via the API Partner. This fee is set by the API Partner and is separate to any fees charged by Wise for your transaction(s). Wise may collect this fee on behalf of an API Partner. 
 CONVERTING CURRENCY 
 11. Currency Conversion 
 11.1 Our Services include the ability to convert currencies, for example: 
 (a) As part of a Money Transfer. 
 (b) In your Wise Account, when you add money in one currency and then later use those funds to send money to a third party, spend money on your Card or withdraw money in a different currency. 
 (c) In your Wise Account, when you hold a balance in one currency and then convert it to a different currency. 
 11.2 Exchange Rate. When we refer to an exchange rate in this Agreement, it means the exchange rate at the relevant time for the relevant currency pair (for example, USD to EUR, USD to AUD) that is offered by Wise, which is typically provided by a reference rate provider and usually the mid-market exchange rate. We may change our reference rate provider from time to time without notice to you. 
 11.3 Different Reference Rates. For some currencies, we do not use the mid-market exchange rate, including where we are required by law to use a different reference rate for the exchange rate for your currency pair. For these currencies we will notify you of the exchange rate offered by Wise when you initiate a current conversion. 
 11.4 Timing of Currency Conversion. We may not process your currency conversion order until we hold or have received the funds and specified fees. It is your responsibility to ensure money that you fund a currency conversion order (whether through your Wise Account, as part of a Money Transfer or any other Service we provide) in a timely manner. We cannot be responsible for the time it takes for the money to be sent to us by your bank or payment service provider. You can find a list of Wise's fees on the Wise Short Form Disclosure and Wise Long Form Disclosure as required by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. You can find out more information about the fees we charge on the Pricing Page . 
 11.5 Refusing a Currency Conversion Order. We reserve the right to refuse any currency conversion order if the conditions set out in this Agreement have not been met. Reasons for refusal may include but are not limited to incorrect information about a recipient, insufficient available funds, or where we believe you may have violated this Agreement, including where we believe you are or may be attempting to engage in currency trading or other trading for purposes not permitted by this Agreement. We will endeavor to notify you of any refusal, using the contact information that you have provided to us, stating (where possible) the reasons for such refusal, and explaining how to correct any errors. However, we will not notify you if such notification may be unlawful. 
 11.6 Confirmation of Currency Conversion Order. Each currency conversion order is given a unique transaction number which is shown in the order confirmation and transaction history. You should quote this transaction number when communicating with us about a particular currency conversion order. 
 YOUR WISE ACCOUNT 
 12. Information About Your Wise Account 
 12.1 About your Wise Account: 
 (a) Your Wise Account allows you to hold, spend, send, and receive funds and convert currency. 
 (b) The funds held in your Wise Account do not expire. 
 (c) The funds held on your Wise Account that are not opted-in to our interest feature may not earn any interest or return. 
 (d) You may hold your funds in any currencies that we support. 
 (e) You may withdraw funds from your Wise Account at any time subject to certain conditions, please see section 13 ‘Withdrawing Funds from your Wise Account’ for more details. 
 (f) The funds held on your Wise Account belong to you as the registered Wise Account holder. 
 (g) You may not place a charge or other form of security over your Wise Account. 
 (h) We may place certain limits on your Wise Account depending on your country of residence, verification status or other legal considerations. You can contact our Customer Support​ team for more information about these limits. 
 (i) We may at our sole and absolute discretion reject a requested transaction, or refund a payment or other transaction, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation, where the value of your Wise Account could directly or indirectly exceed any value permitted under the applicable laws and regulations or any other regulatory or risk limit prescribed for that Wise Account. 
 12.2 Wise is Not a Bank, and your Wise Account is Not a Bank Account. Money you hold with Wise, in any currency, is not automatically insured by any deposit protection scheme, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). Wise holds funds held by its customers in permissible investments in accordance with applicable laws. Wise owns the interest or other earnings on these investments, if any. However, although Wise is not a Bank, eligible customers that opt-in to the “interest feature” will have their United States Dollar (USD) funds held in their Wise account “swept” into a FDIC insured, interest bearing account at one or more of our participating banks. For more information on FDIC insurance coverage, check www.fdic.gov . Customers that do not opt-in to the interest feature, are not eligible for FDIC insurance. 
 12.3 Account Details. When Wise provides you with Account Details (as described further below), these Account Details are a means to receive funds from third parties into a bank account held by Wise and its affiliates. Wise can credit your Wise Account when you use these Account Details, and they are not a bank account number for a bank account held by you. 
 12.4 How We Protect Your Money. As Wise is not a bank, we use safeguarding to protect your money. This is done in accordance with the laws and regulations governing Wise as a licensed money transmitter. Wise keeps your money in the name of Wise in established financial institutions. Your money is deposited in USD into dedicated and segregated accounts held by us with our safeguarding institutions. We may change our safeguarding institutions from time to time, without notice to you. You can find out more about how we safeguard your money in the Help Center . 
 12.5 Adding Money to Your Wise Account. To add funds to your Wise Account, you need to log in to your Wise Account and follow the steps. You may be presented with one or more methods of adding funds to your Wise Account. For example, you may be able to use a bank transfer, authorize Wise to debit the money from your bank or payment account with a third party, or use a credit card or debit card (in this Agreement, we will call these methods “Pay-in Methods”). Any Pay-In Method that you use to add money to your Wise Account must be in your name. 
 12.6 Funding Your Money Transfer and Wise Account With Direct Debit. If you choose to pay for a Money Transfer or to add funds to your Wise Account by using the Direct Debit feature, you will need to provide your bank login details or bank account details to us, including your bank account number and routing number. When you choose to pay using Direct Debit and provide your details, you confirm that your details are correct, that you are authorized to access and transmit funds from your bank account, that your bank account is in good standing with the account-holding financial institution, and that you have the authority to initiate an electronic funds transfer in the amount at issue to or from your bank account. 
 12.7 Direct Debit Authorization. When you choose to pay using Direct Debit, by providing your bank account details and requesting a transaction, you authorize us to initiate electronic credits and debits to your bank account through the scheme network, including any applicable fees and charges, and this authorization shall remain in effect so long as you are a registered user with our Service unless canceled in accordance with this Agreement. You can find out more information about the fees we charge on the Pricing Page . 
 12.8 Direct Debit Reversal. In the event that your Direct Debit payment results in a Reversal, Wise will try to take the payment from your bank account again. For example, if there isn’t enough money in your account when we try to take the payment, we may attempt to debit it again. Wise is not liable for overdrafts at your bank or financial institution. 
 12.9 Pay-in Methods. The Pay-in Methods made available to you will depend on a few factors including where you live and your verification status with us. You will see the available Pay-in Method when you choose to add funds to your Wise Account. We cannot guarantee the availability of any particular Pay-in Method, Wise will notify you at least twenty-one (21) days before the effective date should Wise offer fewer Pay-In methods. 
 12.10 Adding Money With Your Debit or Credit Card. Where you can use a debit or credit card as your Pay-in Method to add money to your Wise Account, you will need to provide your card details to us. This will include your card number and cardholder name. When you choose to add money via debit or credit card, you confirm that your card details are correct, that you are authorized to access and transmit funds from your card account, that your card account is in good standing with the account provider and that you have the authority to initiate a debit or credit card payment in the amount at issue from your card account. You authorize us to initiate credits and debits to your bank account through card payment networks in order to process your transaction, including any applicable fees and charges, and this authorization shall remain in effect so long as you are able to use our Services, unless canceled in accordance with this Agreement. You will need to pay any fees incurred from adding money by using your debit or credit card. You can find out more information about the fees we charge on the Pricing Page . 
 12.11 Chargebacks on Your Pay-in Method. If you select a Pay-in Method which can be subject to chargeback (for example a credit card), you agree that you will only exercise this chargeback right if: 
 (a) We have breached this Agreement; or 
 (b) There was an unauthorized use of your Pay-in Method, meaning that you did not execute or authorize the payment. You agree that you will not exercise your chargeback right for any other reason. In serious circumstances, including where there are unusually high or frequent amounts of chargebacks, we may close your Wise Account. 
 12.12 Restrictions on Adding Money. We only offer the Pay-In Methods you see when you access our Services. Other methods, such as a paper check or e-check, and cash will not be accepted. For legal and security reasons, there may be financial limits on your chosen Pay-in Methods or currencies, including how much you can add to your Wise Account. We will let you know at the time of adding money if there is a limit. 
 12.13 Receiving Money to Your Wise Account. In certain currencies, we may provide you with local account details that you or a third party can use to send money directly to your Wise Account (“ Account Details ”). The Account Details that we provide to you are only a means to receive funds from third parties into a bank account held by Wise and its affiliates, so that Wise can credit your Wise Account that is held at the Wise entity described in the beginning of this Agreement (regardless of currency) and are not a bank account number for a bank account held by you. 
 12.14 Account Details Information. We may carry out verification checks when you request Account Details in addition to the checks required to obtain a Wise Account, and we may carry out further checks on an ad-hoc basis. From time to time your Account Details may change. When this occurs, we will notify you, and you are responsible for updating third parties and other arrangements you may have to receive funds using your Account Details. Wise is not responsible for issues that arise when Account Details are changed, and it is your responsibility to notify third parties that your Account Details have changed. 
 12.15 When Money Received is Shown in Your Wise Account. Any money you receive into your Wise Account will be recorded in your transaction history. You should check and confirm the receipt of incoming funds in your Wise Account regularly and let us know if there are any irregularities or discrepancies. 
 12.16 When We Will Credit Your Wise Account. We are not responsible for the funds you have added until we have received them. For clarity, when you add funds to your Wise Account, we are the recipient of those funds. This means the bank or payment service provider you used to send the funds to us is the one responsible for making sure we receive them so that we can credit them to your Wise Account. We will credit your Wise Account once we have received your funds. For some Pay-in Methods such as a credit or debit card, we may credit the funds before we receive the funds subject to our Right of Reversal. This means if we credit your Wise Account for the full amount you intended to add but this amount does not reach us, we will deduct that amount from your Wise Account. If you have already spent the funds, this could make your Wise Account have a negative balance (see Section 24.10 “ What happens if you owe us money ”). 
 12.17 Adding Money by Direct Debit (ACH Pull). If you choose to add money using the automated clearinghouse (“ ACH ”) direct debit feature, you will need to provide your bank login details or bank account details to us, including your bank account number and routing number. When you choose to add money using ACH Pull and provide your details, you confirm that your details are correct, that you are authorized to access and transmit funds from your bank account, that your bank account is in good standing with the account-holding financial institution, and that you have the authority to initiate an electronic funds transfer in the amount at issue to or from your bank account. When you choose to add money using this method, by providing your bank account details and requesting a transaction, you authorize us to initiate electronic credits and debits to your bank account through the ACH network, including any applicable fees and charges, and this authorization shall remain in effect so long as you are a registered user with our Service unless canceled in accordance with this Agreement. 
 12.18 Adding Money by Wire or ACH Push. If you choose to add money using ACH push (e.g., an ACH transfer from a non-Wise Account that you initiate) or domestic wire transfer, then your transaction order will remain inactive until we receive your funds to our specified account. In cases where for any reason the transaction is canceled or refused, then we will return the deposit to your bank account from which the transfer originated. In the event that we are unable to return the deposit, then we will contact you using the most current contact information in your Wise Account. 
 12.19 NACHA Compliance. The ACH services provided by Wise are performed in accordance with the National Automated Clearing House operating rules and guidance (the “ Rules ”). By authorizing Wise to initiate ACH transfers for you, you warrant each requested entry is supported by a valid authorization and adheres to the Rules. You further agree that your use of the ACH services complies with applicable law. Wise may audit, suspend, or terminate access to the ACH services for any breach of the Rules, this Agreement, or any origination agreement. 
 13. Withdrawing Funds From Your Wise Account 
 13.1 You Can Request to Withdraw Your Funds. You may withdraw all or some of the balance in your Wise Account. We may charge you a fee for each withdrawal request, we will let you know the exact amount when you submit your request. You can also find out more information about the fees we charge on the Pricing Page . You can find a list of Wise’s fees on the Wise Long Form Disclosure and a summary fee disclosure required by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on the Wise Short Form Disclosure . 
 13.2 Pay-out Methods Available to You. You may be presented with one or more methods of withdrawal (in this Agreement, we will call these methods " Pay-out Methods "). The number of Pay-out Methods made available to you will depend on a few factors including where you live and your verification status with us. If a Pay-Out method will no longer be offered, Wise will notify you at least twenty-one (21) days prior to removal of the Pay-Out method. 
 13.3 You Must Provide Correct Information to Us. When setting up your withdrawal request, you must ensure that the information you provide is correct and complete. We will not be responsible for money sent to the wrong recipient because of incorrect information provided by you. 
 13.4 What Happens If You Provide Incorrect Recipient Information. If you have provided incorrect information to us, we will use reasonable efforts to recover the amount that was to be received by the designated recipient. We cannot guarantee that such efforts will be successful as they rely on the policies and practices of other banks and institutions. In addition, Wise may not be able to confirm that your recipient’s name and account number match, as the names and other information associated with third party accounts may not be known to Wise. This means that if you provide an incorrect account number, your funds will most likely go to the wrong account. 
 13.5 Your Withdrawal Request is Subject to Limits. You agree that your Wise Account is subject to withdrawal limits. If your withdrawal request exceeds the current limit, we may decline your request or we may require you to provide additional documents to us so that we can carry out additional checks before allowing the money to be withdrawn. 
 13.6 Delays in Withdrawal. We may delay a withdrawal in certain situations, including, but not limited to, if we need to confirm that the withdrawal has been authorized, to complete verification checks, or if other payments to your Wise Account have been reversed (for example, because of a chargeback or Reversal). We cannot be held responsible for any such delays, to the extent permitted by law. 
 13.7 Finality. Pay-outs, currency conversions, Card, or other transactions executed by us are final and irrevocable once you request them, unless otherwise provided in this Agreement or pursuant to applicable law. 
 14. Reversals, Chargebacks, Unauthorized Transactions and Error Resolution 
 14.1 Funds Added or Received to Your Wise Account May Be Subject to Reversal or Chargeback. Funds added to your Wise Account or received amounts to fund your Money Transfers could be Reversed or subject to a chargeback, which means that you will not get those funds credited to your Wise Account or to your Money Transfer. A Reversal or chargeback may occur where the funds added to your Wise Account or to your Money Transfer are Reversed by Wise or Reversed to or subject to a chargeback by the person paying you the money or the payment provider. 
 14.2 When a Reversal or Chargeback May Happen. You may be liable for and/or have funds reversed or be subject to a chargeback when, without limitation, we have reason to believe: 
 (a) Wise, or any other party, sent the amount received to you in error. 
 (b) The amount received was unauthorized or fraudulently undertaken or induced. 
 (c) The amount received was received for activities that appear to have violated a law, this Agreement, the Acceptable Use Policy , or any other agreement between you and Wise. 
 (d) The amount received is, for any reason, reversed by the sender or a payment provider. 
 (e) Any other error that may result in your Wise Account being credited in circumstances where you are not the lawful recipient and/or lawfully entitled to retain the amount received. 
 14.3 Actions Taken When a Reversal or Chargeback Occurs. If any funds are Reversed by the sender or any payment provider, you agree that Wise may refund, deduct, or Reverse the amount of the funds plus any fees from your Wise Account (if applicable) in the same currency as the original transaction. If your Wise Account balance for the relevant currency is insufficient to cover the amount of a refund or Reversal, Wise may at its discretion perform a currency conversion to refund or Reverse the transaction, subject to the exchange rate being offered by Wise in the applicable currencies at that time. If a Reversal or chargeback causes you to have a negative balance, you will be immediately liable to Wise for the negative balance plus any losses to Wise, if any. 
 14.4 Chargeback Fees. If you receive a debit or credit card-funded payment into your Wise Account and you (or a third party) pursue a chargeback for the transaction with the card issuer, then Wise may apply a fee in accordance with our Pricing Page , for facilitating the chargeback process and will remove the chargeback funds from your Wise Account, including funds held in a Jar. 
 14.5 Error Resolution. You must make sure that the information you provide to us when you send or withdraw money, or convert currency, is accurate. Once a transaction is processed, it cannot be reversed (except where, and to the extent, required by applicable law) and, except as expressly set forth in this Customer Agreement, we will not be liable in any way for any loss you suffer as a result of a transaction being carried out in accordance with your instructions (or a third party acting on your behalf). 
 (a) If you believe there to be an error in connection with a transaction or other problem, then you must notify Wise Support through any method listed below: 
 Support@wise.com or, 
 Call Customer Support: 1-888-908-3833 or, 
 Write to: Wise US Inc., 30 W 26th Street, Floor 6, New York, NY 10010, ATTN: Wise Compliance. 
 (b) For Send Money transactions greater than $15 where money is being sent internationally (“remittance transfers”), notify us as soon as possible, but no later than 180 days of the date we told you the money would be available to the recipient. 
 (c) For all other transactions, you have up to 60 days to report an error. The 60 days start from whichever happened first: 
 the first day you could see the error in your online account history, or 
 the day we sent the first written statement that shows the error. 
 (d) When you do, please tell us as much of the following information as possible: 
 (1) your name and phone number or address; 
 (2) the error or problem with the transaction, why you believe it is an error or problem; 
 (3) the name of the recipient, and if you know it, telephone number or address; 
 (4) the dollar amount of the transfer; and 
 (5) the transfer number. 
 (e) What is an Error and how Errors will be addressed by us. 
 Errors related to Send Money: With regard to Transfers sent for personal, family or household purposes, the following are examples of errors, note errors are not limited to the examples below: 
 You paid an incorrect amount for your currency conversion order, due to an error made by Wise at the time the transfer was executed; 
 Wise made a computational error, such as a miscalculation of the amount the recipient received; 
 The amount stated in the currency conversion order receipt was not made available to the recipient, unless the problem was caused by extraordinary circumstances outside our control; 
 Funds were available to the recipient later than the date of availability that was disclosed to you on the currency conversion order receipt or were not delivered, unless, extraordinary circumstances outside our control caused the delay, and we could not reasonably anticipate those circumstances, or delays resulted from fraud screenings, or were caused by requirements of the Office of Foreign Assets Controls or similar requirements, or the transfer was made with fraudulent intent; and 
 The list of Transfers on our Website or Mobile App does not reflect a Transfer that you made; and 
 You did not receive any confirmation of your Transfer, such as information required to determine if a Transfer occurred. 
 (f) For Send Money transactions deemed as remittance transfers: After we receive your information, we’ll investigate and decide within 90 days whether an error occurred. We’ll notify you within 3 business days of our investigation being completed. If we find no error, or an error different from the one you described, we’ll provide a written explanation and explain how to request the documents we relied on. 
 (g) For all other transactions: Upon receiving all information required to report an error, we’ll decide within 10 business days whether an error occurred and correct it as soon as possible. If we need more time, we may take up to 45 days. 
 If we expect the investigation to take up to 45 days, we’ll add a provisional credit to your account within 10 business days. This will be for the amount you believe is in error, so you can use the funds during the review. 
 If we ask you for written confirmation and don’t receive it within 10 business days, we may not provide this credit. 
 (h) Special circumstances (foreign, POS, and new accounts) : For errors involving new accounts (where the transfer to or from the account was made within 30 days after the first deposit to the account), point‑of‑sale debit card transactions, or foreign‑initiated transactions, we may take up to 90 days to investigate. 
 For new Wise Account issues, we may take up to 20 business days to credit your account for the disputed amount. 
 We’ll notify you within one business day after we complete our investigation. If we don’t find an error, we’ll send a written explanation. You can request copies of the documents we used. 
 (i) Errors in your Wise Account 
 With regard to your Wise Account, the following are considered Errors: 
 When money is either incorrectly taken from your Wise Account or incorrectly uploaded into your Wise Account, or when a transaction or Transfer is incorrectly recorded in your Wise Account; 
 You send money to a third party or withdraw money, and the incorrect amount is debited from your Wise Account, due to our error; 
 An incorrect amount is credited to you